{'id': 190, 'question': "An 18-month-old boy, with complete immunization schedule to date, who consults the Emergency Department for right knee swelling after playing in the park, without obvious trauma. In the directed anamnesis, the mother refers that an uncle of hers had similar problems. The ultrasound examination is compatible with hemarthrosis and in the analytical analysis only an APTT lengthening of 52'' (normal 25-35'') stands out. What is the most probable diagnostic hypothesis?", 'options': {'1': 'Marfan syndrome.', '2': "Von-Willebrand's disease.", '3': 'Ehlers-Danlos disease.', '4': 'Hemophilia A.', '5': 'Bernard-Soulier disease.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Intratesticular hematoma is one of the most frequent presentations of scrotal trauma. Ultrasound is the first-line imaging modality in the evaluation of scrotal trauma, and its findings are crucial for the choice of treatment. An intratesticular hematoma may represent a diagnostic pitfall for the investigating physician since its appearance may mimic other conditions, such as testicular neoplasms or segmental infarction. Although the gold standard imaging modality for the characterization of a testicular lesion is contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance (MR), MR equipment is not always available in an emergency department. Contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) may represent a valid and cheaper alternative compared with MR, which may aid the physician in the differential diagnosis. We describe the case of a 19-year-old male with a scrotal trauma following a motorcycle crash. In accordance with the literature, we carried out a contrast-medium whole-body computed tomography for the evaluation of any potential traumatic injury. Because of scrotal swelling and the patient complaining about pain in the right testicle, we performed a scrotal ultrasound, which demonstrated an enlarged right testicle, with an inhomogeneous echostructure due to the presence of a hypoechoic area in the middle and upper portion of the testicle. Color Doppler ultrasound did not show signals of intralesional vascularization. The lesion, although having characteristics compatible with hematoma, must not be diagnosed as testicular neoplasia, segmental infarction, or other mimics. For more information, a CEUS examination was performed. The examination clearly showed the extent of the lesion, the integrity of the testicular capsule, and the absence of internal vascularization; all these findings were regarded as indicators of a testicular hematoma. After the urological examination, the patient was prescribed antibiotic therapy and bed rest. For further confirmation of the CEUS examination, an MR was performed 2\xa0days later, showing a perfect correspondence with the CEUS findings. Our case demonstrates that CEUS is a faster, cheaper, and valid alternative to MR in an emergency setting, as in testicular trauma, in which the hematoma may mimic conditions (neoplasm) that require a different treatment.', 'Spontaneous recurrent hemarthrosis of the knee following a total knee arthroplasty is a rare complication with varying time of onset from 2 months to 18 years. It needs a prompt diagnosis and treatment to prevent complications of stiffness, chronic pain, and limited function. We present a case of spontaneous recurrent hemarthrosis presenting at 3 months following a total knee arthroplasty with a follow-up to 1 year. A 66-year-old male presented at 3 months following a right total knee arthroplasty with a history of increased pain and swelling of the knee joint. Initially, he was treated with anti-inflammatories when the pain and swelling recurred, an aspiration demonstrated hemarthrosis of the knee. Further evaluation demonstrated no infection, a femoral angiography demonstrated prominence of medial superior and inferior geniculate arteries with a tumor blush appearance. Therapeutic embolization of both the arteries resulted in complete resolution of the symptoms in 1 month with return of full knee function. At the end of 1-year follow-up, the patient had return of full knee function with no pain and no recurrence. An algorithmic approach is helpful in identifying the etiology of spontaneous recurrent hemarthrosis of knee and a course of conservative treatment should always be the first line of treatment. Angiography and selective arterial embolization of the geniculate arteries can be an effective treatment in the management of recurrent spontaneous hemarthrosis.', 'Intra-articular angioma, or vascular hamartoma, is a tumor-like lesion essentially made up of anomalous blood vessels localized in the joint capsule, in the synovial membrane, or in both structures. There are two anatomical varieties: one circumscribed localized and one extended. There seems to be predilection for the female sex, and age of onset ranges from birth to 20-30 years of age; it occurs more frequently in the knee, less in the elbow, in the wrist and in the ankle. Symptoms, which often begin after local trauma, include joint swelling and pain, both characterized by discontinuity and long duration. Sometimes there is an increase in swelling, repeated episodes of hemarthrosis (or hydrarthrosis), forced position and functional limitation of the joint, increase in skin temperature. Final diagnosis can only be obtained with histological examination, although MRI may be useful and arteriography clearly reveals it, if the harmatoma is extended enough and communicating with the circulation. Histological examination carried out on fragments of tissue taken in loco reveals a labyrinthine agglomerate of fissures and lengthening cavities, with walls that are generally thick and of a venous-like anomalous type. The course of the disease is slow, with periods of remission of local symptoms of varying duration. Treatment is surgical and it consists in complete removal when possible of the angiomas. The results, particularly in the localized form, are satisfactory; recurrence is infrequent and it is generally due to incomplete excision of the neoformation.', 'Recurrent hemarthrosis is a rare complication of total knee arthroplasty, and only a few cases have been reported; hence, it is hard to establish comprehensive diagnosis and treatment guidelines. We here report a case of recurrent hemarthrosis after total knee arthroplasty, and briefly review the literature. A 50-year-old man, with a history of hypertension, presented to the Orthopedic Department of our hospital for non-traumatic acute left knee pain and swelling associated with a warmth sensation 14 mo after total knee arthroplasty. Investigations (ultrasound, aspiration, and arthroscopy) and managements (non-surgical, arthroscopy and open exploration) were performed, and the clinical effects of these interventions were analyzed separately. Clinical evidence indicates that the cause of this case was rupture of a pseudoaneurysm of the medial superior genicular artery. The present case indicated that angiography is essential in cases of hemarthrosis after TKA; arthroscopy may not always be adequate as it may not provide a clear view; and traditional open exploration is still effective and sometimes necessary.', "A 17-year-old girl with a few years' history of declining vision, photophobia, and dry eye symptoms was referred to our clinic. She noted that the vision in the right eye declined significantly over the past several months. On her last year examination, her uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVA) was recorded as 20/25 in both eyes with a corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) of 20/20 in both eyes with minimal refractive error, with a diagnosis of bilateral Salzmann nodular degeneration. The patient was given artificial tears and was encouraged to wear sunglasses. On examination now, UDVA was 20/70 in the right eye and 20/40 in the left eye. The manifest refraction was -2.00 + 1.25 × 96 in the right eye and -1.00 + 2.00× 34 in the left eye, with a CDVA of 20/50 and 20/30, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed superficial reticular stromal scar with clear intervening spaces involving the anterior 75 μm of the stromal cornea in the central 6.0 mm optical zone (Figure 1).JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure1/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiffJOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure2/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiff The rest of the anterior and posterior segment examination was completely normal and noncontributory. Anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) revealed subepithelial lesion involving the central aspect of the cornea in the right eye more than that in the left eye (Figure 2). Family history was significant for an older sister with a similar problem who never required medical attention. She also has mild photophobia and dry eye symptoms. What is your differential diagnosis? What diagnostic test will help you in your diagnosis and clinical decision-making? What is the most likely diagnosis in this case? Do you recommend medical and/or surgical intervention in the right eye, realizing that there has been exacerbation of her ocular condition in the most recent year? What is the long-term prognosis and future plan for a patient with this potential condition?"]}
{'id': 150, 'question': 'We are consulted by an 84-year-old woman for insomnia of conciliation. After failing sleep hygiene measures, it is decided to initiate pharmacological treatment. Which of the following drugs would you select for the patient?', 'options': {'1': 'Diacepam.', '2': 'Lormetacepam.', '3': 'Phenobarbital.', '4': 'Chlordiazepoxide.', '5': 'Chloracepate.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is characterized by dysfunction in motivational, mood-stress regulation, and sleep systems that interact in complex ways to heighten the risk of relapse during abstinence. Emerging data suggest that excessive and chronic alcohol use disrupts sleep homeostasis and, in abstinence, subjects with AUD are known to experience insomnia that may persist for weeks to years, which we propose to refer to as insomnia associated with alcohol cessation (IAAC). The purpose of this review is to provide an update of pharmacological approaches to therapy including compounds in development, to raise awareness of the prevalence of and unmet need in IAAC and highlight differences in treatment consideration for IAAC as compared to insomnia disorder. We performed a search of select electronic databases to identify studies of pharmacological agents used to treat sleep disturbances in abstinent or treatment-seeking patients with alcohol use disorder. The search, conducted in June 2019 and updated in December 2019, yielded 1,188 abstracts after duplicates were removed, of which 36 full-text articles were assessed for eligibility. Eighteen studies were included, 15 randomized controlled trials and three open-label studies. Several classes of medications including antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and antipsychotics have been evaluated for their effectiveness in treating sleep disturbances in abstinent or treatment-seeking patients with AUD. None of these medications are approved by the FDA for the treatment of IAAC, and the currently available evidence for these agents is limited. Randomized, controlled clinical trials are warranted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of medications in the treatment of IAAC.', 'DSM-V criteria for insomnia disorder are met by 6 to 10% of the adult population. Insomnia has severe consequences for health and society. One of the most common treatments provided by primary caregivers is pharmacological treatment, which is far from optimal and has not been recommended since a 2005 consensus report of the National Institutes of Health. The recommended treatment is Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia. Effectiveness, however, is still limited. Only a few studies have evaluated the effectiveness of chronobiological treatments, including the timed application of bright light, physical activity and body warming. Another opportunity for optimization of treatment is based on the idea that the people suffering from insomnia most likely represent a heterogeneous mix of subtypes, with different underlying causes and expected treatment responses. The present study aims to evaluate the possibility for optimizing insomnia treatment along the principles of personalized and stratified medicine. It evaluates the following: 1. The relative effectiveness of internet-supported cognitive behavioral therapy, bright light, physical activity and body warming; 2. Whether the effectiveness of internet-supported cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia can be augmented by simultaneous or prior application of bright light, physical activity and body warming; and 3. Whether the effectiveness of the interventions and their combination are moderated by the insomnia subtype. In a repeated measures, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial that included 160 people diagnosed with insomnia disorder, we are evaluating the relative effectiveness of 4 intervention weeks. Primary outcome is subjective sleep efficiency, quantified using a sleep diary. Secondary outcomes include other complaints of sleep and daytime functioning, health-related cost estimates and actigraphic objective sleep estimates. Compliance will be monitored both subjectively and objectively using activity, light and temperature sensors. Insomnia subtypes will be assessed using questionnaires. Mixed effect models will be used to evaluate intervention effects and moderation by insomnia subtype ratings. The current study addresses multiple opportunities to optimize and personalize treatment of insomnia disorder. Netherlands National Trial Register NTR4010, 4 June 2013.', 'This study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) against a sleep hygiene education control therapy in patients with primary or comorbid insomnia. Randomized, parallel-group, clinical trial conducted at a single Veterans Affairs medical center, with recruitment from March 2001 to June 2005. Eighty-one adults (n = 11 women; mean age, 54.2 years) with chronic primary (n = 40) or comorbid insomnia associated predominantly with mixed psychiatric disorders (n = 41). Patients, screened via structured interviews and diagnostic polysomnography, were randomly assigned to receive CBT (sleep education, stimulus control, and time-in-bed restrictions; 20 patients with primary and 21 with comorbid insomnia), or sleep hygiene (SH: education about aspects of lifestyle and the bedroom environment that affect sleep; 20 patients with primary and 20 with comorbid insomnia). Outpatient treatment included 4 biweekly sessions with a posttreatment assessment and a follow-up conducted at 6 months. Participants completed actigraphy and sleep diaries for 2 weeks prior to therapy, during a 2-week posttreatment assessment, and during 2 weeks at follow-up. They also completed questionnaires measuring global insomnia symptoms, general sleep quality, and sleep-disruptive beliefs before treatment, immediately following treatment, and at the follow-up time point. Consistent with previous studies, CBT outperformed sleep hygiene across several study outcome measures for the sample as a whole. Statistical analyses showed no significant 3-way interaction of treatment group, time, and insomnia type for any of the sleep or questionnaire measures, suggesting the benefits of CBT over sleep hygiene were comparable for patients with primary insomnia and comorbid insomnia. Moreover, only 1 of several indexes of clinically notable improvement suggested a significantly better response to CBT by patients with primary insomnia, as compared with those with comorbid insomnia. A fixed 4-session "dose" of CBT produced similar benefits for patients with primary and those with comorbid insomnia across most measures examined. Thus, CBT appears to be a viable psychological insomnia therapy both for those with primary insomnia and for groups composed mainly of patients with insomnia and nonpsychotic psychiatric conditions.', "Although different forms of pharmacological intervention are often prescribed for insomnia disorder, the comparative efficacies among various drugs remain unclear. We therefore conducted this study to quantitatively compare the efficacy of various pharmacotherapies for insomnia by modeling. We searched PubMed, EMBASE and Cochrane Library databases for randomized placebo-controlled trials of insomnia medications that were conducted within a designated time period (from the inception dates to May 16, 2019). Pharmacodynamic models were established to describe the time course of changes from baseline in selected sleep parameters. Sleep quality and dropout rates were also compared by a single-arm meta-analysis. In sum, 43 studies covering 44 trials (14,535 patients) were included in the analysis. The drugs evaluated included flurazepam, quazepam, temazepam, triazolam, eszopiclone, zaleplon, zolpidem, extended-release zolpidem, suvorexant, ramelteon and doxepin. The established models revealed eszopiclone had the highest efficacy in terms of sleep latency (SL), total sleep time (TST), and sleep quality, and was also associated with the lowest dropout rates. The effect of suvorexant on the parameter 'wake after sleep onset' (WASO) was significantly higher than that of the other drugs analyzed. Each drug has its own characteristics in the treatment of insomnia, and this needs to be taken into consideration to meet individual clinical needs. These results serve as a quantitative supplement for clinical practice by reflecting the difference in efficacy of various drugs in the treatment of insomnia.", 'The outbreak of Coronavirus Disease-2019 (COVID-19) caused great psychological distress often\xa0with comorbid\xa0insomnia. Insomnia is common in patients with\xa0COVID-19 admitted to mobile cabin hospitals. Insomnia\xa0may lead to immune dysfunction, a condition not conducive to recovery from COVID-19. The use of sedative-hypnotic drugs is limited by their inhibitory effect on the respiratory system. A paucity of research is available regarding psychotherapy interventions to improve insomnia symptoms among \xa0patients with\xa0COVID-19. In the general population, sleep problems are more common in women than in\xa0men; insomnia in women patients requires special attention. The aim of this study was to develop simplified-cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (S-CBTI) for patients with\xa0COVID-19 and comorbid insomnia symptoms and to\xa0verify its effectiveness through a self-control trial. A second aim was to compare the effectiveness of S-CBTI between acute and chronic insomnia among women with COVID-19 and comorbid insomnia symptoms in Wuhan Jianghan Cabin Hospital. S-CBTI consisted of education on\xa0COVID-19 and sleep hygiene, stimulus control, sleep restriction, and self-suggestion relaxation training over a period of two consecutive weeks. Of 67 women, 66 completed psychological intervention and baseline and post-intervention assessments. There were\xa031 women\xa0with acute insomnia and 35 with chronic insomnia. The Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) score and self-compiled sleep data were assessed at baseline and post-intervention, and subjective sleep evaluations were assessed at days 4, 7, 12, and 14. The ISI score, sleep latency, night sleep time, and sleep efficiency were statistically significantlly\xa0improved from baseline to post-intervention by paired T-test. After the intervention, the mean\xa0ISI score of the acute insomnia group was lower than that of the chronic insomnia group. The reduction of the ISI score and the improvement of sleep time from baseline to post-intervention in the acute insomnia group were greater than those in the chronic insomnia group. Utilization of sedative-hypnotic drugs in the acute insomnia group was less than that in the chronic insomnia group, and the difference was statistically significant. S-CBTI can improve the insomnia symptoms of women with COVID-19 in mobile cabin hospitals, especially for stress-related acute insomnia.']}
{'id': 454, 'question': "A 65-year-old woman consults for weakness in the right hand that has spread in a few months to other muscle territories of both arms and legs, with distal predominance. On examination there is atrophy and fasciculations in different metameric territories with preserved sensitivity. There is a bilateral Babinski's sign, what is the diagnostic test that would confirm the suspected diagnosis?", 'options': {'1': 'Cerebral CT.', '2': 'Electromyographic study.', '3': 'Cerebral MRI.', '4': 'Multimodal evoked potentials.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["A 17-year-old girl with a few years' history of declining vision, photophobia, and dry eye symptoms was referred to our clinic. She noted that the vision in the right eye declined significantly over the past several months. On her last year examination, her uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVA) was recorded as 20/25 in both eyes with a corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) of 20/20 in both eyes with minimal refractive error, with a diagnosis of bilateral Salzmann nodular degeneration. The patient was given artificial tears and was encouraged to wear sunglasses. On examination now, UDVA was 20/70 in the right eye and 20/40 in the left eye. The manifest refraction was -2.00 + 1.25 × 96 in the right eye and -1.00 + 2.00× 34 in the left eye, with a CDVA of 20/50 and 20/30, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed superficial reticular stromal scar with clear intervening spaces involving the anterior 75 μm of the stromal cornea in the central 6.0 mm optical zone (Figure 1).JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure1/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiffJOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure2/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiff The rest of the anterior and posterior segment examination was completely normal and noncontributory. Anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) revealed subepithelial lesion involving the central aspect of the cornea in the right eye more than that in the left eye (Figure 2). Family history was significant for an older sister with a similar problem who never required medical attention. She also has mild photophobia and dry eye symptoms. What is your differential diagnosis? What diagnostic test will help you in your diagnosis and clinical decision-making? What is the most likely diagnosis in this case? Do you recommend medical and/or surgical intervention in the right eye, realizing that there has been exacerbation of her ocular condition in the most recent year? What is the long-term prognosis and future plan for a patient with this potential condition?", 'A 28-year-old man with Hirayama disease presented with a peculiar hand posture called "horn hand" ("main en corne"). The patient noticed that he could not extend his 3rd and 4th fingers when extending the fingers of his right hand 1 year prior to presentation. On neurological examination, the strength of the finger extension is severely weak in the 1st, 3rd and 4th fingers, causing a drop finger posture, but it is only moderately weak in the 2nd and 5th fingers, enabling him to sustain the extension finger posture. The finger posture is like a bull\'s horns and is named "horn hand". Amyotrophy of the ulnar side of the right forearm, so-called "oblique amyotrophy", and amyotrophy of the right hand are observed. MRI examination reveals atrophy of the lower cervical spinal cord and compression of it in the neck flexion posture. Diagnosis of Hirayama disease (juvenile muscular atrophy of the distal upper extremity) is confirmed. Horn hand has been reported so far in some cases of lead neuropathy, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, and distal myopathy; a "peripheral" horn hand is characterized by partial and selective lesion of the radial nerve or of the finger extensor muscles. Meanwhile, a "spinal" horn hand in this patient with Hirayama disease represents the partial and selective lesion of the spinal anterior horn neurons.', "A 46-year-old housewife had complaints of insidiously progressive muscle weakness and paresthesia in the distal lower limbs. On neurological examination, a slight to moderate degree of muscle weakness with slight atrophy was observed in the bilateral intrinsic hand muscles. A severe degree of muscle weakness with moderate atrophy was observed in tibialis anterior, gastrocnemius and soleus muscles. Muscle stretch reflexes were decreased in the upper limbs and absent in the lower limbs, without pathologic reflexes. She had a steppage gait. Vibratory sensation was slightly decreased in the hands and moderately decreased in the feet. Touch, pain and temperature sensations were also moderately decreased only in the feet. On laboratory examination, glycosuria (5.6g/dl) was noted. Fasting blood sugar was 226mg/dl with an elevated hemoglobin A1C level (12.7%). The right median motor and sensory nerve conduction velocities were 14.8 and 20.3 m/sec, respectively, with a markedly prolonged distal latency. No muscle action potential was obtained from stimulation of the right tibial nerve. Also, no nerve action potential was elicited from stimulation of the right sural nerve. A fascicular biopsy of the right sural nerve revealed the presence of both demyelinated and remyelinated axons, and an onion-bulb formation with a marked decrease in the density of the myelinated fibers. Based on the neurological examination and nerve conduction studies of the family members, a younger sister, younger brother and an elder daughter of the proband were found to be affected by demyelinating polyneuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was not found among the family members with laboratory evidences of demyelinating polyneuropathy. Based on the family history, an uncle on the mother's side of the proband, the proband's grandmother and a younger daughter of a proband's brother were considered to be affected. The uncle and grandmother had diabetes mellitus. Therefore, we concluded that this family had HMSN type I with autosomal dominant inheritance. In the studies on fluorescence in situ hybridization, and restriction fragment length polymorphism of the genomic DNA of the proband, a DNA duplication in the 17p11.2-12 region was not observed. However, the direct sequencing analysis of DNA fragments from genomic DNA encoding the Po gene of the proband revealed a substitution of histidine for arginine at the codon 98 in the extramembranous domain of Po. She was heterozygous for the mutant allele and normal allele. Alterations in the tertiary structure of the extramembranous domain of Po may result in an impairment of the peripheral myelin compaction. This is the second Japanese family with the same mutation (Arg98--&gt;His) of myelin Po as reported previously by us, and this type of case is rare in the literature. Therefore, the mutation at the codon 98 may play a critical role in the development of the myelin abnormality in HMSN type IB.", "A Pre-hospital Emergency Medical Service (PHEMS) is a vital component of a country's health service because it provides early medical care to critically ill and injured persons in the field There is evidence to show that early care reduces mortality and morbidity and offers the patient the best chance of survival and improved quality of life. Caribbean territories have been developing their PHEMS as part of a programme of health sector reform. In a study of PHEMS in 12 Caribbean countries, the Pan American Health Organization reported that there were no clear guidelines with respect to the roles and responsibilities of the physician in PHEMS in the majority of countries. In fact, a few countries had services where there was no direct physician involvement. We present a brief review of the internationally recognized roles and responsibilities of physicians in PHEMS, and make recommendations with particular reference to the Caribbean. We suggest that there is a need for direct and active involvement of physicians in the development of PHEMS because the Emergency Medical Technician is recognized as an extension of the physician in the field and is supposed to be protected by the physician's licence to deliver medical care.", 'We studied phenotype-genotype correlation in a group of Polish males with spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy (SBMA) and in female carriers. Eleven males with suspected SBMA phenotype and three suspected female carriers were examined. Male patients presented with the predominant signs of progressive, symmetrical distal limb weakness with amyotrophy, facial muscular weakness with orofacial fasciculations, nasal voice and slight dysphagia, gynaecomastia, decreased potency, as well as hand tremor and distal peripheral sensory disturbances in a few cases. One of the carriers presented with a 30-year history of fasciculations and minimal distal weakness and cramps in the legs, while the other two were asymptomatic. DNA analysis revealed expanded size of CAG repeats in Xq11-12 in the AR gene in 10 out of 11 men (range 45-52 CAG repeats) and in the women (range 46-48 CAG repeats). There was no correlation between CAG repeat size and the age of disease onset and duration of the disease. A rare, predominantly distal distribution of weakness and amyotrophy was found in our group of the SBMA patients (8 out of 11 cases) from three unrelated kindreds and also in the remaining two sporadic cases. The extended CAG repeats within families were stable.']}
{'id': 541, 'question': '25-year-old patient, who suffers a motorcycle accident on a Friday night. He is taken to the emergency room and diagnosed with abdominal trauma (negative echo-fast), mild head trauma (Glasgow = 14) and a displaced intracapsular fracture of the right hip. Hemodynamically she is stable, what would be the treatment of choice?', 'options': {'1': 'Reduction, open if necessary, and osteosynthesis of the fracture in the first 24-36 hours.', '2': 'Total hip resurfacing arthroplasty on Monday on a scheduled basis.', '3': 'Wait for improvement of the cranial trauma and schedule the following week a scheduled surgery consisting of reduction and osteosynthesis of the fracture.', '4': 'Given the risk of non-union of these types of fracture, I would perform an emergency bipolar hip hemiarthroplasty.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Traumatic injury to the pancreas is not common, but if the diagnosis is delayed or misdiagnosed in the emergency department (ED), the condition is associated with high morbidity and mortality and raises a question about the quality of emergency care. Here, we describe a rare case of blunt abdominal trauma resulted in isolated pancreas injury. A 25-year-old young male came to our emergency room (ER) in a conscious, anxious state from a nearby town with a history of roadside trauma. Further investigations revealed an isolated pancreatic injury due to trauma with no other major injuries, which occurred due to a sudden high-speed impact of the steering wheel to the epigastrium of a driver while driving the car, severely compressing the pancreas between the backbone and steering wheel. The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit for close observation and monitoring. He was managed conservatively on intravenous fluids, antibiotics, analgesics, and vasopressors. He was discharged after five days in a hemodynamically stable and afebrile condition, on a normal diet. Isolated pancreatic injury following blunt abdominal trauma is rare, and the symptoms are difficult to analyze early due to its retroperitoneal anatomy. Early detection and early intervention are important in the ED, and if left unrecognized, could result in a poor outcome.', 'to describe the epidemiological profile of trauma patients admitted to a referral hospital in Curitiba (PR). Also, to investigate trauma mechanisms and to evaluate trauma severity scores. descriptive observational cross-sectional study. Data were collected by applying a questionnaire to victims admitted in the emergency room from December 2016 to February 2018. a total of 1354 trauma victims were included in the study, of which 60% were transported by SIATE and 40% by SAMU. Regarding gender, 70% of the patients were male. The mean age was 39.48 years. About the time and day of the calls, the largest proportion was concentrated on Friday night. In relation to the mechanism of trauma, in patients transported by SIATE, the most frequent in men was motorcycle collision (34.3%), while in women was same-level fall (21.42%). In SAMU, the most frequent mechanism regardless of gender was same-level fall (20.06% and 40.66%, respectively). Analyzing the severity scores, it was observed that 95.5% of the patients were classified as mild by the Glasgow Coma Scale. the profile of trauma victims analyzed in this large study is quite similar to what other national smaller studies have already described: young men victims of traffic accidents. Therefore, the economically active population is the most affected, reflecting in high cost to society.', 'This report addresses a new case of a modular femoral neck fracture after total hip arthroplasty. A now seventy-three-year- old overweight female underwent total hip replacement of the right hip because of osteoarthritis in the year 2002. Then, years later, the head and the polyethylene were changed due to wear. In October 2014, the patient was transferred from the trauma department of her hometown to our department after she had slipped and fallen directly on her right hip. The x-rays done at the trauma department have shown no periprosthetic fracture but a fracture of the modular neck. Therefore, the patient was transferred to our department in order to undergo a revision arthroplasty with change of the stem and head after splitting the femur. ', "Cervical disk arthroplasty (CDA) has been demonstrated to be a safe and effective method to treat myelopathy with the added benefit of preserving neck mobility compared to anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (ACDF). Few studies describe complications of trauma after CDA, and to our knowledge this is the only study describing a grossly intact artificial cervical disk (ACD) without extrusion after high energy trauma. Based on our case and a review of literature, we hypothesize that, given adequate osseous integration (OI), CDA may be a safe intervention despite their risk for higher energy trauma. To present a rare case of high-energy trauma after CDA resulting in a Hangman's fracture and grossly in-tact ACD and to engage a biomechanical discussion of trauma after CDA and ACDF utilizing a literature review. Case-report with literature review and discussion. Electronic medical record data. Computed Tomography, Magnetic Resonance Imaging, and X-Ray physiologic measures. We report the case of a 44-year-old woman who received a C5-C6 level CDA with a (Synthes Prodisc-C©, Synthes Spine Company, L.P., West Chester, PA) and was subsequently involved in a high-speed motorcycle accident one-and-a-half years later resulting in a Hangman's fracture. Radiographic evidence after the motorcycle wreck demonstrated a minimally displaced Hangman's fracture at the C2 vertebrae through the pedicles on both sides, partially involving the transverse foramina with approximately 5 mm of displacement. The ACD at C5-C6 was grossly intact and no malalignment was noted. Three years later the patient elected to have an ACDF due to recurrence of facet pain that appeared by way of selective medial branch block injections to originate posteriorly in the facets of C5-6. A literature review revealed reports of trauma induced adjacent disk herniation, metallosis, and implant extrusion after CDA. No accounts of intact hardware, or concomitant Hangman's fracture after CDA were found following high-energy trauma. Our case reveals the first reported occurrence of a traumatic Hangman's fracture with intact fusion hardware after CDA. We hypothesize that the preserved mobility in the affected spinal level after the CDA exerted a protective effect compared to an ACDF following the high-speed trauma, particularly on the adjacent segments. This case and included literature review, reveal the need for future research efforts to guide decision making in whether ACDF or CDA is superior in younger patients at higher risk for trauma.", "Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) continues to pose a worldwide burden on health resources with an occurrence of 1.4 million cases annually. It represents the fifth most common cancer in men and eighth most common in women worldwide. Eighty per cent of patients have a background cirrhotic liver, most commonly in the United States, resulting from chronic hepatitis C infection, whereas alcoholism also commonly contributes to the development of cirrhosis. Fifty per cent of patients diagnosed with HCC present with metastatic disease. Sites of metastasis commonly include the lungs, vertebral bones, and abdominal lymph nodes. Metastasis to the oral region is very rare. We report a 55-year-old man with metastatic HCC to the mandible. The patient was previously diagnosed with unresectable HCC and had undergone six cycles of chemoembolization therapy. Although the lesion remained stable in size, he did not qualify for liver transplantation because of active alcohol use. He presented to the emergency room for evaluation of recent-onset jaw pain. There was no history of trauma and an oral examination did not reveal any mucosal lesions. Mild swelling and tenderness of the right jaw was noted, and a subsequent CT scan revealed a right-sided mass centered around a fracture of the body of the mandible and surrounded by the masseter muscle. A biopsy of the mass revealed a metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma and a CT scan of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis confirmed it to be a solitary metastasis. The patient underwent surgical resection of a segment of the right mandible and the metastatic tumor. He continues to receive regional chemoembolization and is currently pain-free. Solitary metastasis to the mandible in the setting of HCC is exceedingly rare. Fine needle aspiration biopsy of the lesion with immunohistochemical analysis is useful in characterizing the lesion and identifying the primary site. Radiotherapy has been used to palliate mandibular metastases; however, surgical intervention proved to be very effective in managing this patient's disease."]}
{'id': 602, 'question': 'A 61-year-old woman, administrative, with a history of overweight, hypertension, dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome, who consults for pain in both buttocks, left trochanteric region, lateral aspect of the left thigh up to the knee and left leg up to the middle third. The pain appears when the lower limb is lifted with the knee extended, but is relieved when the knee is flexed. What is the first clinical suspicion?', 'options': {'1': 'Gouty arthritis of left hip.', '2': 'Left coxofemoral arthrosis.', '3': 'Radiated low back pain / lumbosciatica.', '4': 'Claudication due to canal stenosis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['A 56-year-old male with a past medical history significant for a left below-knee amputation and a left total knee replacement presented with knee pain at a non-healing stage 2 prosthesis-related residual limb ulcer. The ulcer at the weight-bearing surface at the anterior patella had not closed despite three years of conservative management; including offloading and wound clinic follow up. To assist with the healing process, the ulcer was treated with autologous micro-fragmented adipose tissue therapy. He was injected with 8\xa0mLs of minimally manipulated adipose tissue (Lipogems) underneath the ulcer. Upon the four-week follow-up, his pain had resolved, and the wound was significantly reduced in size with new skin appearing. The goal of this case report is to examine if autologous micro-fragmented adipose tissue can represent a feasible and safe treatment option for chronic prosthesis-related residual limb ulcers. To our knowledge, this is the first reported case using micro-fragmented adipose therapy to treat a chronic prosthesis-related residual limb ulcer.', 'Pigmented villonodular synovitis (PVNS) is a rare, benign, proliferative neoplastic process that commonly affects synovial-lined anatomic spaces. The diffuse type (DPVNS) is characterized by invasion of the entire joint synovium, while the localized type (LPVNS) is characterized by a relatively normal synovial appearance. This report describes a unique case of massive intraarticular LPVNS with an extraarticular extension through the lateral patellar retinaculum. No similar cases have been found in the literature. A 58-year-old woman had a history of hyperuricemia and knee trauma and presented with unilateral knee acute swelling and pain symptoms with sudden onset. Recent expansion of the LPVNS caused the development of a tender palpable soft tissue mass in the anterolateral aspect of the knee and acute reduced mobility. Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging of the knee revealed the presence of only the soft tissue mass and mild degenerative changes. Open synovectomy was performed successfully to excise the mass. Intraoperatively, macroscopic features of the bright brown inflamed synovium suggested LPVNS, which was confirmed histopathologically. Postoperatively, the symptoms of limited mobility and pain were appreciably relieved. Recurrence was not observed during the clinical follow-up at 1, 6 or 18\xa0months after surgery. Here, we report the unique case of localized pigmented villonodular synovitis of the knee in a misdiagnosed patient with intra- and extraarticular lesion, which might be attributed to the history of knee trauma and the focal defect of the lateral patellar retinaculum. Open synovectomy effectively relieved the symptoms of limited mobility and pain and no recurrence was observed prior to 18 months postoperatively. To reduce misdiagnosis, MRI examinations are recommended for all patients suspected of having PVNS, including those who have a history of hyperuricemia.', "Reconstruction of a complex knee defect is challenging, especially when complicated with osteomyelitis. Complex knee defect requires multi-component three-dimensional reconstruction using a chimeric flap. Although anterolateral thigh (ALT) flap is the most workhorse chimeric flap, another chimeric flap is required when ALT flap is not available. In this report, we present a case of complex knee defect successfully treated with a free triple-component chimeric deep inferior epigastric artery perforator (DIEP) flap transfer. A 36\u2009year-old male sustained right above-knee amputation and Gustilo IIIB open fracture of the left patella after being run over by a train. Stump formation was performed for the right limb amputation, and the left knee wound resulted in skin necrosis complicated with patella osteomyelitis. After debridement, the left knee wound showed a 3\u2009×\u20092 cm articular capsule defect, 5\u2009×\u20092 cm exposed patella stump, and a 16\u2009×\u20099 cm skin defect. A triple-component chimeric DIEP flap, containing a 7\u2009×\u20093 cm rectus abdominis muscle (RAM), a 3\u2009×\u20092 cm RAM's fascia, and a 23\u2009×\u200910 cm skin was transferred. The RAM's fascia was used to reconstruct the joint, the RAM to cover the exposed patella's stump and the reconstructed joint, and the skin paddle to cover the skin defect. Six months after the surgery, the patient could walk without osteomyelitis recurrence, and there was no limitation in the left knee joint's range of motion. Although indication is limited, a multi-component chimeric DIEP flap may be an option for three-dimensional reconstruction of a complex defect.", "Intraneural ganglion cysts are a rare occurrence. They are most commonly found originating from the common peroneal nerve but are also frequently reported on the radial, ulnar, median, sciatic, tibial, and posterior interosseous nerves. A typical clinical presentation is posterior knee and calf pain resulting from tibial neuropathy with preferential degeneration of the popliteus muscle. Symptoms include pain, paresthesias, and decreased strength that originates in the knee and commonly extends to the plantar surface of the foot. These findings can be mistaken for lumbar neuropathies and compression of the sacral nerve roots. Differential diagnosis includes peripheral nerve sheath tumors, Baker's cysts, extraneural ganglion cysts, and atypical vascular or lymphatic malformations. In this case report, the patient was a 61-year-old male, previously in good health, who presented with progressive pain in his medial left hamstring as well as weakness in left foot plantar flexion and paresthesias in the plantar aspect of his left foot. He first noticed impairments with his ability to push off with his left foot when running. His electromyogram (EMG) was abnormal and subsequent MRI of the left leg showed a complex intraneural ganglion cyst arising from the tibiofibular joint and ascending into the tibial nerve. He underwent indirect decompression through joint resection. Unfortunately, he did not have clinical improvement on one-year follow-up. Overall, symptomatic treatment of intraneural ganglion cyst includes decompression, surgical excision, or minimally invasive decompression by percutaneous aspiration of the ganglion under ultrasound guidance.", 'Structural features of lateral tibiofemoral (TF) joint osteoarthritis (OA) occur in up to half of all people with knee OA, and co-existing lateral TF OA is associated with worse knee pain in people with mixed compartmental knee OA. Clinical guidelines for management of knee OA advocate advice about appropriate footwear, yet there is no research evaluating which types of footwear are best for managing pain associated with lateral TF OA. Biomechanical evidence suggests that "motion-control" footwear, which possess midsoles that are stiffer medially compared to laterally, may shift load away from the lateral compartment of the knee and thus may reduce knee pain associated with lateral TF OA. The primary aim of this study is to compare the effects of motion-control shoes to neutral shoes on knee pain in people with predominantly lateral TF OA. This will be an assessor- and participant-blinded, two-arm, comparative effectiveness randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in Melbourne, Australia. We will recruit a minimum of 92 people with painful lateral TF OA from the community. Participants will be randomly allocated to receive either motion-control shoes or neutral shoes and will be instructed to wear their allocated shoes for a minimum of 6\u2009h per day for 6\u2009months. The primary outcome is change in self-reported knee pain on walking, measured using a numerical rating scale, assessed at baseline and 6\u2009months. Secondary outcomes include other measures of knee pain, physical function, quality of life, participant-perceived change in pain and function, and physical activity levels. This study will compare the efficacy of motion-control shoes to neutral shoes for people with painful lateral TF OA. Findings will be the first to provide evidence of the effects of footwear on knee pain in this important subgroup of people with knee OA and allow clinicians to provide accurate advice about the most appropriate footwear for managing pain associated with lateral TF OA. This trial has been prospectively registered by the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry on 15/11/2018 (reference: ACTRN12618001864213).']}
{'id': 127, 'question': 'A 32-year-old diabetic patient on insulin therapy with good control of his blood glucose levels comes to your office with tingling in both hands, with a sensation of corking and thermal insensitivity of progressive onset over the course of 2 weeks. She does not report visual disturbances, strength deficit, motor clumsiness or other symptoms. On examination she found anesthesia to pain and temperature in both hands and distal forearms; positional and vibratory sensitivity were preserved. There is no muscle atrophy or strength deficit. Muscle reflexes are normal and symmetrical. There is no dysmetria, dysdiadochokinesia or intention tremor. The rest of the neurological examination is strictly normal. Indicate the most likely diagnosis in this case:', 'options': {'1': 'Peripheral sensitvo symmetric distal peripheral neuropathy of diabetic cause.', '2': 'Compressive cervical spinal cord injury.', '3': 'Bilateral carpal tunnel syndrome.', '4': 'Multiple sclerosis type demyelinating disease.', '5': 'Central cervical spinal cord injury.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['Xeroderma pigmentosum is a rare autosomal recessive disease that causes changes in skin pigmentation, precancerous lesions and neurological abnormalities. It is a defect in the nucleotide excision repair mechanism. It has been reported that volatile anesthetics has a possible genotoxic side effect and deranged nucleotide excision repair in cells obtained from a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum.We report an unusual case of postoperative neurological aggravation in a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum anesthetized with sevoflurane. A 24-year-old African woman, who has had xeroderma pigmentosum since childhood, was admitted to our hospital for a femoral neck fracture. A preoperative physical examination revealed that she had a resting tremor with ataxia. She had cutaneous lesions such as keratosis and hyperpigmentation on her face and both hands. There was no major alteration of cognitive function, muscular strength was maintained and her osteotendinous reflexes were preserved. Surgical fixation was performed under general anesthesia after the failure of spinal anesthesia. All parameters were stable during surgery. When she woke up four hours later, the patient presented with confusion and psychomotor agitation, sharpened reflexes and the Babinski reflex was present. Her postoperative test results and a magnetic resonance imaging scan were unremarkable. It was suggested that sevoflurane had had a probable deleterious effect on the neurological status of this patient. The anesthetizing of a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum is associated with a risk of worsening neurological disorders. At present, there are no clear recommendations to avoid the use of volatile agents in the anesthetic management of patients with xeroderma pigmentosum. More clinical and experimental research is needed to confirm the sensitivity of patients with xeroderma pigmentosum to sevoflurane and other halogenated anesthetics.', "A 46-year-old housewife had complaints of insidiously progressive muscle weakness and paresthesia in the distal lower limbs. On neurological examination, a slight to moderate degree of muscle weakness with slight atrophy was observed in the bilateral intrinsic hand muscles. A severe degree of muscle weakness with moderate atrophy was observed in tibialis anterior, gastrocnemius and soleus muscles. Muscle stretch reflexes were decreased in the upper limbs and absent in the lower limbs, without pathologic reflexes. She had a steppage gait. Vibratory sensation was slightly decreased in the hands and moderately decreased in the feet. Touch, pain and temperature sensations were also moderately decreased only in the feet. On laboratory examination, glycosuria (5.6g/dl) was noted. Fasting blood sugar was 226mg/dl with an elevated hemoglobin A1C level (12.7%). The right median motor and sensory nerve conduction velocities were 14.8 and 20.3 m/sec, respectively, with a markedly prolonged distal latency. No muscle action potential was obtained from stimulation of the right tibial nerve. Also, no nerve action potential was elicited from stimulation of the right sural nerve. A fascicular biopsy of the right sural nerve revealed the presence of both demyelinated and remyelinated axons, and an onion-bulb formation with a marked decrease in the density of the myelinated fibers. Based on the neurological examination and nerve conduction studies of the family members, a younger sister, younger brother and an elder daughter of the proband were found to be affected by demyelinating polyneuropathy. Diabetes mellitus was not found among the family members with laboratory evidences of demyelinating polyneuropathy. Based on the family history, an uncle on the mother's side of the proband, the proband's grandmother and a younger daughter of a proband's brother were considered to be affected. The uncle and grandmother had diabetes mellitus. Therefore, we concluded that this family had HMSN type I with autosomal dominant inheritance. In the studies on fluorescence in situ hybridization, and restriction fragment length polymorphism of the genomic DNA of the proband, a DNA duplication in the 17p11.2-12 region was not observed. However, the direct sequencing analysis of DNA fragments from genomic DNA encoding the Po gene of the proband revealed a substitution of histidine for arginine at the codon 98 in the extramembranous domain of Po. She was heterozygous for the mutant allele and normal allele. Alterations in the tertiary structure of the extramembranous domain of Po may result in an impairment of the peripheral myelin compaction. This is the second Japanese family with the same mutation (Arg98--&gt;His) of myelin Po as reported previously by us, and this type of case is rare in the literature. Therefore, the mutation at the codon 98 may play a critical role in the development of the myelin abnormality in HMSN type IB.", 'We report a 64-year-old Japanese woman who died one year after the onset of progressive gait disturbance and dementia. She noted a difficulty in holding a glass and hand tremor in June of 1996 when she was 63 years old. In July of 1996, she tended to lean toward left when she walked. She also noted truncal titubation. In November of 1996, she started to have visual hallucination and delusion in which she said "I see something is flying on the wall.", "Somebody has come into my room", and things like that. She was admitted to our service on November 22, 1996. On admission, she was alert and general physical examination was unremarkable. Neurologic examination revealed disturbance in recent memory. Hasegawa\'s dementia rating scale was 22/30. She showed vivid visual hallucination with colors in which she saw faces of dwarfs and angels, a space ship, and others. Higher cerebral functions were normal. She showed left oculomotor palsy which was a sequel of an aneurysm and subarachnoid hemorrhage nine years before. Otherwise cranial nerves were unremarkable. She showed ataxic gait, limb ataxia, truncal titubation, and postural hand tremor. She had no weakness and no muscle atrophy. Deep tendon reflexes were within normal limits. Plantar response was flexor. Sensation was intact. Laboratory examination was also unremarkable. Complete survey for occult malignancy was negative. CSF was under a normal pressure and cell count was 1/microliter, total protein 27 mg/dl, and sugar 68 mg/dl. Cranial CT scan was unremarkable. MRI was not obtained because of the presence of an aneurysm clip in the left internal carotid-posterior communication artery junction. She showed progressive deterioration in her mental function. By January 1997, she became unable to stand or walk with marked dementia. Repeated CSF exams and cranial CT scans were unremarkable. She suffered from several episodes of aspiration pneumonia. A trial of three days methylprednisolone pulse therapy was given starting on March 7, 1997, which was of no effect on her neurologic status. On March 28, 1997, she was intubated because of acute respiratory distress syndrome. In April 2, her body temperature rose to 38 degrees C. On April 9, 1997, her blood pressure dropped and resuscitation was unsuccessful. She was pronounced dead on the same day. The patient was discussed in a neurologic CPC and the chief discussant arrived at the conclusion that the patient had primary leptomeningeal lymphoma. Other possibilities entertained among the audience included brain stem encephalitis of unknown type, carcinomatous cerebellar degeneration plus limbic encephalitis, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, thalamic degeneration, and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. Post-mortem examination revealed thickening and clouding of the leptomeninges; Gram-positive diplococci were found in the leptomeninges. This meningitis appeared to have been an complication in the terminal stage of her illness. Microscopic examination revealed astrocytosis in the midbrain tegmentum. Cerebral cortices showed only mild astrtocytosis. No cerebellar atrophy was seen and Purkinje cells were retained which excluded paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration. Neuropathologic diagnosis was bacterial meningitis, however, the presence of brain stem encephalitis prior to the onset of bacterial meningitis could not be excluded. It is interesting to note that the diagnosis of the primary neurologic disease of this patient was not easy even after autopsy. As autopsy permission was obtained only for the brain, it was not clear whether or not this patient had an occult malignancy somewhere in her body, however, there was no evidence to indicate paraneoplastic degeneration of the central nervous system. As the patient did not have meningeal signs until one month before her death, it is difficult to ascribe her entire neurologic problems to her meningitis. Finally, her visual hallucination was vivid and colorful; we thought this might have been', 'A 28-year-old male presented with insidious-onset, painless, progressive diminution of vision in both eyes. He denied any other ocular symptoms. On examination, visual acuity in both eyes was 6/60. Color vision and contrast sensitivity were maintained in both eyes. Direct ophthalmoscopy revealed that the optic discs were bilaterally hyperemic and congested, with blurring of all the disc margins and loss of spontaneous venous pulsations. Besides this bilateral disc edema, rest of the clinical examination was normal. Primary intensive search for any intracranial space-occupying lesions returned negative on computed tomography scan imaging. Blood investigations revealed a hemoglobin level of 9.2 g/dl, leukocyte count of 7000 cells/mm<sup3</sup, and serum Vitamin B12 level of 155 pg/ml (200-835 pg/ml). Serum homocysteine and methylmalonic acid levels were done and were found to be elevated. After 4 weeks, visual acuity improved to 6/6 in both the eyes, and laboratory investigations showed no signs of Vitamin B12 deficiency. Nonsurgical causes for papilledema should be considered in the differential diagnosis. Early diagnosis and prompt treatment is the key to a good prognosis in Vitamin B12-deficient optic neuropathy, which has shown to have a good prognosis if treatment is initiated in the first few months after the onset of symptoms.', 'A 69-year-old man was admitted with a chief complaint of progressive muscle weakness and tingling sensation in the distal portion of all extremities since the age of 55. On neurological examination, sensory impairment of all modalities was noted in the right side of face, segmental areas of the right Th4-10 and the distal portion of four extremities. Symmetrical muscle weakness and atrophy was also found over the distal portion of all extremities. All deep tendon reflexes except biceps brachii reflexes were absent. Neurophysiological studies, however, rather indicated mononeuritis multiplex in this case. The biopsied specimen of the sural nerve showed a significant decrease in large myelinated fibers and many tomaculous changes. The gene analysis revealed deletion in the CMT 1A locus on chromosome 17p11.2, providing evidence for the diagnosis of hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies (HNPP). The development of sensory impairment in face or thoracic nerves is quite rare in HNPP, indicating that there exists considerable phenotypic heterogeneity in the disease.']}
{'id': 316, 'question': 'A 37-year-old man presents with arthritis of the metacarpophalangeal joints of both hands and right pleuritis. Bilateral malar erythema is seen on examination. Positive antinuclear antibodies were detected (titer 1/640), with anti native DNA antibodies also positive; anti-Sm negative What would be the initial treatment of choice for this patient?', 'options': {'1': 'Glucocorticoids at high doses.', '2': 'Glucocorticoids and mycophenolate.', '3': 'Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and antimalarials.', '4': 'The picture will probably be self-limited and does not require treatment.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['We report on a case of a patient with HIV infection, diagnosed 18 months prior to the development of an anti-glomerular basement membrane (anti-GBM) rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis; this is probably the first report of such an association. A 30-year-old white man presented with elevation of serum creatinine (1.3 - 13.5 mg/dL within one month). At admission, the urinalysis showed proteinuria of 7.2 g/L and 8,000,000 erythrocytes/mL. Renal biopsy corresponded to a crescentic diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis mediated by anti-GBM, and serum testing for anti-GBM antibodies was positive; antinuclear antibodies (ANA) and anti-neutrophilic cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCA) were also positive. The patient underwent hemodyalisis and was treated with plasmapheresis, cyclophosphamide and prednisone. The association described here is not casual, as crescentic glomerulonephritis is not common in HIV-positive patients, anti-GBM glomerulonephritis is rare and anti-GBM antibodies are frequently observed in HIV-positive subjects when compared to the overall population. Based on the current case and on the elevated frequency of the positivity for such antibodies in this group of patients, it is advisable to be aware of the eventual association between these two conditions and to promote an active search for anti-GBM antibodies and early diagnosis of eventual urinary abnormalities in HIV-positive subjects, considering the severity of anti-GBM glomerulonephritis.', "The patient is a newborn girl, born at term by cesarian section, weighing 3,550 g, and measuring 50 cm in length. According to her mother, she had been presenting erythematous spots involving the scalp, face, and trunk since birth that had increased in size with time. The mother denied any other changes and reported normal growth and development. Physical examination at 2 months of age revealed an infant in good general condition, hydrated, with no fever and no abnormalities detected on careful physical examination. The dermatologic examination revealed numerous circumscribed erythematous-brownish flat maculae with sharp borders and irregular contours, with no follicular hyperkeratosis, but with telangiectasias and areas of atrophy. They were lenticular and nummular, especially on the face (peri-orbital heliotropic lesions), and appeared as plaques on the trunk, with a tendency to confluence. The lesions also involved the scalp, neck, and extremities (Fig. 1). Histopathologic examination revealed an atrophic epidermis with focal areas of hydropic degeneration of the basal layer. A discrete perivascular and periannexal lymphohistiocytic infiltrate was observed in the superficial dermis, with melaninophages, frequent extravasation of red blood cells, angiectasia, and edema (Fig. 2). Serologic tests were reactive for antinuclear factor (ANF) (titer 1:100) of the speckled pattern, the presence of anti-Ro antibodies, and absence of anti-RNA and anti-Sm antibodies (Table 1). Blood counts and electrocardiogram were normal (Table 1). HLA typing showed positivity for DR-3 (Table 2). At 5 months of age the patient already showed a marked improvement of the skin lesions with only some areas of discrete pigmentation, a few atrophic areas, and rare telangiectasis (Fig. 3). The serologic tests (ANF, anti-Ro) had become nonreactive and the anti-RNA and anti-Sm tests continued to be negative. Examination of the mother revealed an asymptomatic 25-year-old woman reporting no manifestations suggestive of lupus. General and special physical examination revealed no abnormalities. Dermatologic examination showed no active or residual lesions of discoid or systemic lupus erythematosus. The pregnancy had been uneventful. Histopathologic examination of the girl's skin revealed the epidermis without obvious changes, minimal edema in the dermis, and a discrete perivascular inflammatory mononuclear cell infiltrate. Direct immunofluorescence of normal skin not exposed to the sun was negative. Blood counts revealed mild anemia and a tendency to leukopenia and thrombocytopenia (Table 1). Serologic tests showed reactive ANF (titers 1:400 and 1:800, speckled pattern), the presence of anti-Ro antibodies, and the absense of anti-RNA and anti-Sm antibodies (Table 1). HLA-typing revealed positivity for DR-3 (Table 2).", 'The immunofluorescence technique using HEp-2 cells is widely used for the detection of antinuclear antibodies in sera of patients with connective tissue diseases. Among different patterns of nuclear staining the incidence of peripheral pattern which is mainly produced by anti double-stranded DNA antibodies has been markedly decreased after using HEp-2 cells as nuclear substrates. Thirty-five sera in interphase cells and 44 sera in metaphase cells showed peripheral pattern at 1:1 serum dilution from 70 patients with various connective tissue diseases including 46 systemic lupus erythematosus. Metaphase cells nuclei were more sensitive to peripheral pattern than those in interphase cells. Assuming that the incidence of peripheral pattern at 1:1 dilution was 100%, the incidence of peripheral pattern at 1:20 serum dilution dropped into 57.1% in interphase cells and 38.6% in metaphase cells, respectively. The incidence of peripheral pattern at 1:40 dilution dropped into 65.7% in interphase cells and 56.8% in metaphase cells, respectively. Mean value and incidence of anti double-stranded DNA antibodies detected by RIA were significantly higher in sera with peripheral pattern than in sera without peripheral pattern. However, there were some sera which showed peripheral pattern without anti double-stranded DNA antibodies, or there are a few sera which had anti double-stranded DNA antibodies without peripheral pattern. The drop of the incidence of peripheral pattern might be due to interference effect of multiple different antinuclear antibodies. It is necessary to detect anti double-stranded DNA antibodies directly by radioimmunoassay or enzyme-linked immunosorbant assay if occurrence of anti double-stranded DNA antibodies is clinically suspected without peripheral immunofluorescent pattern.', 'The indirect fluorescent-antibody (IFA) method for diagnosis of toxoplasmosis is widely used and is considered to be as specific as the Sabin-Feldman dye test. After observing a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) who had a positive toxoplasma IFA test but a negative dye test, we studied sera with high titers of antinuclear antibodies from 16 SLE patients and from 2 with rheumatoid arthritis for Toxoplasma antibodies in the immunoglobulin G and M (IgG and IgM) IFA tests and the dye test. Results of these tests were compared with titers of antinuclear antibodies, precipitating antibodies to single-strand deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), and binding antibodies by use of DNA labeled with (3)H-actinomycin D. Of 18 patients, 11 had IgG and 4 had IgM IFA Toxoplasma antibodies; only 2 had antibodies detectable in the dye test. The immunofluorescence patterns in the Toxoplasma IFA test were indistinguishable from those obtained in patients with toxoplasmosis without antinuclear antibodies. Absorption of SLE sera with DNA did not result in a decrease in Toxoplasma IFA titers. When SLE sera were absorbed with live T. gondii, a marked drop in IgG IFA titer was observed as well as a decrease in titers of antinuclear antibodies and (3)H-DNA binding. Treatment of Toxoplasma cells with deoxyribonuclease and ribonuclease did not decrease their fluorescence. These results suggest that T. gondii nuclear antigens can absorb antinuclear antibodies but do not have exposed substrates for deoxyribonuclease. Tests in which organisms containing "nuclear" antigens for IFA detection of antibodies to these organisms are used may result in "false-positives" with sera containing antinuclear antibodies.', "A 40-year-old Korean man presented with painful swelling and tenderness of both ankle joints as well as the plantar surfaces of both feet, along with inflammatory back pain, and a purulent discharge from the urethral orifice. The patient also complained of sicca-like symptoms including dry eyes and dry mouth. An immunological analysis revealed a high titer of rheumatoid factor, positive results for antinuclear antibody and anti-Ro antibody, and a positive result for HLA-B27. An antibody titer for Chlamydia was also significantly increased. Positive results of the Schirmer's test and for keratoconjunctivitis sicca were confirmed by an ophthalmologist. These clinical manifestations were compatible with Chlamydia-induced reactive arthritis (ReA) accompanied by Sjögren's syndrome (SS). This is the first report of the combination of these two distinct disease entities in the Korean population."]}
{'id': 153, 'question': 'A 75-year-old woman consults for violaceous lesions on the hands and neck together with progressive muscle weakness of 3 months of evolution. What diagnostic tests, among those indicated, can be useful for the diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Determination of serum aldolase.', '2': 'Electroencephalogram.', '3': 'Biopsy of subcutaneous cellular tissue.', '4': 'Determination of anti-smooth muscle antibodies.', '5': 'Genetic study of their descendants.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Studies investigating the outcome of pigmented villonodular synovitis have been restricted to certain locations or types of the disease and have not provided adequate documentation of followup. We asked the following questions: What were the recurrence rates especially when considering location and type of pigmented villonodular synovitis?; What was the long-term clinical outcome?; and Was MR imaging essential for the correct diagnosis? We retrospectively reviewed 42 of 53 consecutive patients primarily treated at our institution (19 diffuse lesions and 23 nodular lesions in 19 large joints and 23 digits of the hands or feet). Ten patients had recurrences after an average followup of 80 months (range, 26-293.8 months). Recurrences were more frequent for the diffuse type than the nodular type and in large joints rather than in digits. The average Enneking score was 92% of normal limb function indicating that surgical treatment led to good functional results. Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging results corresponded well with histologic diagnoses and intraoperative findings. Therapeutic Level IV.', 'To describe the distribution and severity of muscle weakness using manual muscle testing (MMT) in 172 patients with PM, DM and juvenile DM (JDM). The secondary objectives included characterizing individual muscle group weakness and determining associations of weakness with functional status and myositis characteristics in this large cohort of patients with myositis. Strength was assessed for 13 muscle groups using the 10-point MMT and expressed as a total score, subscores based on functional and anatomical regions, and grades for individual muscle groups. Patient characteristics and secondary outcomes, such as clinical course, muscle enzymes, corticosteroid dosage and functional status were evaluated for association with strength using univariate and multivariate analyses. A gradient of proximal weakness was seen, with PM weakest, DM intermediate and JDM strongest among the three myositis clinical groups (P &lt; or = 0.05). Hip flexors, hip extensors, hip abductors, neck flexors and shoulder abductors were the muscle groups with the greatest weakness among all three clinical groups. Muscle groups were affected symmetrically. Axial and proximal muscle impairment was reflected in the five weakest muscles shared by our cohort of myositis patients. However, differences in the pattern of weakness were observed among all three clinical groups. Our findings suggest a greater severity of proximal weakness in PM in comparison with DM.', 'Chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia is one of mitochondrial disorders, characterized by ptosis, limitation of eye movement, variably severe bulbar muscle weakness and proximal limb weakness. Chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia complicated with acquired disease is extremely rare. We report a 44 years old male patient with more than 20 years of chronic progressive bilateral ptosis and limitation of eye movements manifested dysarthria, dysphagia and neck muscle weakness for 3 years. The first muscle biopsy showed red-ragged fibers and cytochrome c oxidase negative fibers as well as inflammatory cells infiltration. Electron microscopy revealed paracrystalline inclusions. Mitochondrial genetic analysis demonstrated a large-scale mtDNA deletion of m.8470_13446del4977. The patient was treated with prednisone. In a three-year follow-up study, the second biopsy was performed. Before the treatment, except bilateral ptosis and external ophthalmopelgia, this patient presented bulbar muscle weakness and neck muscle weakness. After treated with prednisone, the symptoms of dysphagia, dysarthria and neck muscle weakness were significantly improved, and the second biopsy showed only mitochondrial myopathy pathology but the inflammations disappeared. Here, we report a patient with chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia complicated with inflammatory myopathy and after treated with prednisone as myositis, he had a significant therapeutic effect.', 'According to the established clinical tradition about the distribution of weakness, the ratios of flexor/extensor strength of patients with upper motor neuron lesions are expected to be relatively high for the elbow and wrist and low for the knee. To assess the diagnostic value of these patterns of weakness, muscle strength of 70 patients with limb weakness of central or peripheral origin was measured with a hand held dynamometer. The ratios of flexor/extensor strength at the knee, elbow, and wrist did not differ significantly between patients with central or peripheral origin of muscle weakness. The examination of tendon jerks proved to be of more value as a localising feature. The traditional notion about the distribution of weakness in upper motor neuron lesions may be explained by an intrinsically greater strength in antigravity muscles, together with the effects of hypertonia.', 'What is the central question of this study? What factors influence the onset and magnitude of activation of the neck inspiratory muscles during inspiration? What is the main finding and its importance? Recruitment of the sternocleidomastoid and scalene muscles during inspiration, measured by means of surface EMG, was strongly correlated with maximal inspiratory pressure. This result indicates that muscle recruitment depends on the capacity of an individual to generate inspiratory pressure. Surface measurements of neck inspiratory muscle EMG activity might complement tests currently used for the screening of respiratory-related disease. The aims of the present study were as follows: (i) to examine the relationship between the onset of recruitment of the neck inspiratory muscles and inspiratory muscle strength; and (ii) to clarify the effect of inspiratory resistance on neck inspiratory muscle activation during inspiration at specific flow rates and to specific lung volumes. Inspiratory muscle strength, as indicated by maximal inspiratory pressure (MIP), and peak inspiratory flow rate (PFR) were measured in healthy participants. Subsequently, participants inspired at target inspiratory flow rates between 20 and 100% of PFR as closely as possible, with and without artificial inspiratory resistance. Electromyographic activity (EMG<subRMS</sub ) of the sternocleidomastoid and scalene muscles was measured from surface electrodes at each target flow rate for each 10% increment of forced vital capacity (FVC) between 20 and 50% of FVC. Recruitment onset for each muscle was determined from %PFR-EMG<subRMS</sub curves at each lung volume (%FVC). Finally, linear regression analyses were performed for MIP and recruitment onset for each muscle at each %FVC. Recruitment onset during inspiration without inspiratory resistance was strongly correlated with MIP (r\xa0&gt;\xa00.60, P\xa0&lt;\xa00.040). Specifically, a lower MIP was associated with earlier muscle recruitment (i.e. recruitment at a lower flow rate), especially for the sternocleidomastoid muscle (r\xa0&gt;\xa00.75, P\xa0&lt;\xa00.005). Recruitment of both neck inspiratory muscles at a given flow rate was also earlier when inspiratory resistance was added (P\xa0=\xa00.002). These results indicate that the recruitment and activation of the neck inspiratory muscles depends on both inspiratory muscle strength and inspiratory resistance.']}
{'id': 369, 'question': 'A 67-year-old man, ex-smoker, with a diagnosis of severe COPD (multidimensional index BODE 5, FEVl 38%, body mass index 23, dyspnea index according to the mMRC 3 scale, distance covered in the 6-minute walk test 260 m) who has had 3 hospital admissions for exacerbation of his COPD in the last 7 months, comes to the consultation. She also has a history of hypertension, ischemic heart disease with AMI 5 years ago and intermittent claudication. In the clinical examination, there is a decrease in vesicular murmur with expiratory wheezing in both lung fields and an oximetry saturation of 88%. Which of the following therapeutic strategies would NOT be recommended for this patient?', 'options': {'1': 'Adjustment of inhaled therapy with long-acting bronchodilators combining anticholinergics and beta-2 adrenergics with inhaled glucocorticoids.', '2': 'Start oral glucocorticoids for 6 months to control exacerbations.', '3': 'Check that the patient performs the inhalation technique correctly.', '4': 'Initiate chronic home oxygen therapy regimen.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Despite fat-free mass index (FFMI) is one of the strongest predictive factors of survival during chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), there is a considerable lack of information regarding body composition in Tunisian patients with COPD. \xa0 Aim: Describe the body composition of Tunisian patients followed for COPD and examine the relationship between body composition and the severity of the disease. Cross-sectional study of patients with stable COPD. Body composition was assessed by bioelectrical impedance analysis. Pulmonary function tests (PFT) included spirometry with plethysmography and the six-minute walking test. The severity of dyspnea was assessed by the mMRC scale. During the study period, 104 patients with stable COPD were included (average age= 65.9 years and average FEV1= 49.3%). Fifty-four percent of patients were GOLD D stage. According to the IMM, malnutrition was identified in 20.2% of cases. Patients with low FFMI were the most symptomatic, had a more severe air flow limitation and a more severe disease. The walking distance was lower in malnourished patients. However, FFMI was not significantly associated with exercise capacity. Malnutrition is highly prevalent in COPD patients and is correlated to the severity of the disease. Thus, body composition analysis should be considered in COPD patient management.', 'Abstract The aim of this study was to examine the value of the i-BODE index to predict hospital admission and to confirm its usefulness to predict mortality in a Danish population. The incremental shuttle walking test (ISWT) is widely used in the UK and Europe and previous work has examined the replacement of the 6MWT with the ISWT within the BODE index for predicting the prognosis of COPD (i-BODE). The 674 patients included in the analysis participated in a 7-week pulmonary rehabilitation program from 2002 to 2011. The National Health Services Central Register ascertained vital status and provided information on all hospital admissions. The mean follow-up period was 66 months (range 11-118 months). Cox proportional hazards model was used to identify factors that significantly predicted mortality and time to first hospital admission. The i-BODE index as well as body mass index, MRC dyspnea grade, and exercise capacity (ISWT) were significantly associated with all-cause mortality. The adjusted hazard ratio for death per one point increase in the i-BODE score was 1.28 (95% confidence interval 1.20 to 1.37). The i-BODE index was also a significant predictor of hospitalization, both for all causes and COPD exacerbation. Patients in the highest i-BODE quartile had a median time to first hospitalization of 17 months compared to 51 months for patients in the lowest quartile. The i-BODE index is a significant predictor of hospital admission and thus health care utilization, and also mortality. ', 'The Spanish COPD guidelines (GesEPOC) have been recently modified. The aim of this study is to assess this revision and evaluate the prognosis of patients according to the new classification of severity. A total of 700 COPD patients (83.9% men) were prospectively followed up for a mean period of 5 years in tertiary hospitals in Spain and the USA. Anthropometric data, lung function tests, dyspnea (according to the mMRC scale), BODE and Charlson index were collected. We calculated mortality at 5 years following the risk criteria proposed by the new GesEPOC. Mean age was 66±9.6 years and mean FEV<sub1</sub% was 59.7±20.2. The proportion of patients in the low-risk group was 40.43%. Patients in the high-risk group had a significantly higher BODE index than those in the low-risk group (2.92±0,66 vs. 0.52±1.91, p&lt;0.001), while the Charlson index score was similar in both groups. Mortality at 60 months was significantly higher in the high-risk group (31.7% vs. 15.5%, p&lt;0.001). Dyspnea and FEV<sub1</sub% were also independent predictors of mortality (p&lt;0.001), and neither was inferior to the risk classification proposed by GesEPOC. The new severity index proposed by GesEPOC accurately predicts 5-year mortality. However, dyspnea and FEV<sub1</sub% have the same strength in predicting mortality.', 'Neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) in peripheral blood is a useful systemic inflammatory response biomarker. However, NLR has not been studied in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This study was aimed to evaluate the usefulness of NLR in patients with COPD. NLR was prospectively measured and compared in patients with COPD exacerbation (n = 59), patients with stable COPD (n = 61), and healthy controls (n = 28). NLR in patients with COPD exacerbation was repeatedly measured in the convalescent period. The correlation between NLR and clinical parameters was evaluated, and the predictors for respiratory hospitalization were analyzed by multivariate logistic regression. NLR values were significantly higher in patients with COPD exacerbation compared with stable COPD patients and controls (12.4 ± 10.6, 2.4 ± 0.7, 1.4 ± 0.5, respectively; p &lt; 0.001). NLR was significantly decreased during the convalescent period in patients with COPD exacerbation (4.5 ± 4.6 vs. 11.5 ± 8.8, p &lt; 0.001). NLR exhibited a significant correlation with the body mass index, degree of airway obstruction, dyspnea, and exercise capacity (BODE) index, the 6-minute walk test, and the modified Medical Research Council scale. NLR ≥ 2.8 was an independent predictor with a borderline significance for respiratory hospitalization (odds ratio, 2.083; p = 0.079). Body mass index and forced expiratory volume in 1 second were independent predictors for respiratory hospitalization. NLR is a straightforward and effective biomarker of COPD exacerbation that may serve as a predictor for respiratory hospitalization in patients with COPD.', 'Frequent-exacerbator COPD (fe-COPD) associated with frequent hospital admissions have high morbidity, mortality and use of health resources. These patients should be managed in personalized integrated care models (ICM). Accordingly, we aimed to evaluate the long-term effectiveness of a fe-COPD ICM on emergency room (ER) visits, hospital admissions, days of hospitalization, mortality and improvement of health status. Prospective-controlled study with analysis of a cohort of fe-COPD patients assigned to ICM and followed-up for maximally 7 years that were compared to a parallel cohort who received standard care. All patients had a confirmed diagnosis of COPD with a history of ≥2 hospital admissions due to exacerbations in the year before enrollment. The change in CAT score and mMRC dyspnea scale, hospital admissions, ER visits, days of hospitalization, and mortality were analyzed. 141 patients included in the ICM were compared to 132 patients who received standard care. The ICM reduced hospitalizations by 38.2% and ER visits by 69.7%, with reduction of hospitalizations for COPD exacerbation, ER visits and days of hospitalization (p&lt;0.05) compared to standard care. Further, health status improved among the ICM group after 1 year of follow-up (p=0.001), effect sustained over 3 years. However, mortality was not different between groups (p=0.117). Last follow-up CAT score&gt;17 was the strongest independent risk factor for mortality and hospitalization among ICM patients. An ICM for fe-COPD patients effectively decreases ER and hospital admissions and improves health status, but not mortality.']}
{'id': 413, 'question': 'An 87-year-old woman with a history of hypertension was admitted 48 hours ago to the coronary unit for acute myocardial infarction with ST-segment elevation of anterior location. She reported dyspnea. Examination revealed a systolic murmur with fremitus, radiating to the right sternal border, which was not present on admission. What complication do you suspect?', 'options': {'1': 'Heart failure due to extensive necrosis.', '2': 'Anterior aneurysm.', '3': 'Left ventricular free wall rupture.', '4': 'Rupture in the interventricular septum.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has created a new paradigm for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients, but their increased risk for coronary disease is well documented. We present the case of a 57-year-old man, co-infected with HIV-2 and hepatitis B virus, adequately controlled and with insulin-treated type 2 diabetes and dyslipidemia, who was admitted with non-ST elevation acute myocardial infarction. Coronary angiography performed on day four of hospital stay documented two-vessel disease (mid segment of the right coronary artery [RCA, 90% stenosis] and the first marginal). Two drug-eluting stents were successfully implanted. The patient was discharged under dual antiplatelet therapy (aspirin 100 mg/day and clopidogrel 75 mg/day) and standard coronary artery disease medication. He was admitted to the emergency room four hours after discharge with chest pain radiating to the left arm and inferior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction was diagnosed. Coronary angiography was performed within one hour and documented thrombosis of both stents. Optical coherence tomography revealed good apposition of the stent in the RCA, with intrastent thrombus. Angioplasty was performed, with a good outcome. The acute stent thrombosis might be explained by the thrombotic potential of HIV infection and diabetes. There are no specific guidelines regarding HAART in secondary prevention of acute coronary syndromes. A multidisciplinary approach is essential for optimal management of these patients.', 'To describe a rare case of acute myocardial infarction in a patient with neurofibromatosis 1 and pheochromocytoma and to review the literature on the coexistence of these 2 diseases, the causes of myocardial injury in patients with pheochromocytoma, and the utility of genetic testing and pheochromocytoma screening for those patients and their families. We present a case report, including the detailed clinical, laboratory, and radiographic data, results of adrenal mass pathology, and results of coronary angiography. We also survey other relevant reports available in the literature. A 43-year-old woman with a history of long-standing hypertension, neurofibromatosis 1, headaches, sweating, and palpitations presented to the hospital with chest pain and shortness of breath. She was found to have an acute myocardial infarction and pulmonary edema, as well as a right adrenal mass. A pheochromocytoma was suspected, and phenoxybenzamine was added to her treatment regimen. Cardiac catheterization showed nonobstructive coronary disease. The levels of plasma catecholamine metabolites were extremely high. The patient underwent uncomplicated laparoscopic right adrenalectomy 2 weeks after this admission. Surgical pathology confirmed the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. Adrenergic crisis attributable to pheochromocytoma can result in acute myocardial infarction even in the absence of obstructive coronary disease. Inclusion of pheochromocytoma in the differential diagnosis of hypertension in patients with neurofibromatosis is very important and helps avoid mistakes in the management of such patients.', "A 42-year-old woman was admitted to our hospital because of anterior chest discomfort on exercise. She had already been diagnosed as having a complete form of Behçet's disease. On auscultation, there was a grade 2/6 diastolic regurgitant murmur along the left sternal border. Echocardiogram and pulse doppler led to the diagnosis of aortic regurgitation and mitral fluttering in diastole. Left ventriculography disclosed an enlarged left ventricular chamber, but the ejection fraction was 60% within the normal range. Aortography confirmed the diagnosis of aortic regurgitation (III.) and dilatation of the ascending aorta. The coronary arteriogram was normal. An endomyocardial biopsy of the right ventricular wall revealed mild hypertrophy of the myocardial fibers and interstitial edema. In this report, we discussed a case of Behçet's disease with reference to 28 cases reported in the medical literature in Japan.", 'We present a 52-year-old woman who was admitted to the emergency department with a short history of palpitations, sweating and nausea. An electrocardiogram (ECG) that was performed suggested inferolateral ischaemia with a significant troponin rise. The patient underwent an invasive coronary angiogram that showed mild non-obstructive coronary disease. She was thus given a provisional diagnosis of myocardial infarction with non-obstructive arteries (MINOCA), treated as an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and subsequently discharged home. The patient represented within 72 hours with a recurrence of symptoms and a further troponin rise. While on the ward severe recurrent orthostatic hypertensive episodes were noted. Further investigations revealed increased urinary and plasma metanephrines, increased plasma catecholamines and imaging revealed a left adrenal 5.7\u2009cm mass, demonstrating probable pheochromocytoma. The patient was treated with curative surgery. This case highlights the importance of thorough history-taking in patients with atypical symptoms for acute coronary syndrome and diagnosed with MINOCA.', 'De Winter et al first described a new ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI)-equivalent pattern associated with acute occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD). Studies show that this pattern has a positive predictive value of 95.2% to 100%. However, some cases of non-STEMI, caused by acute right coronary artery or LAD diagonal branch occlusion, have been reported, which exhibit electrocardiogram (ECG) changes similar to the de Winter pattern. Few cases of de Winter ECG pattern caused by left circumflex artery (LCX) stenosis have been reported. A 57-year-old man was admitted to the emergency department 12\u200ahours after suffering from oppressive chest pain and diaphoresis. The patient had a history of diabetes and smoking. An initial ECG showed atrial fibrillation, upsloping ST-segment depression at the J point, followed by peaked, positive T waves in leads V2 to V6 and slight ST-segment elevation in lead aVR, with poor R-wave progression. Coronary angiography showed tubular stenosis (up to 95%) of the proximal portion of the LCX. LCX stenosis led to a diagnosis of non-STEMI. Left coronary artery stenosis was successfully treated with angioplasty and insertion of a drug-eluting stent. The patient\'s chest pain resolved completely after stent implantation. No myocardial infarction occurred during the 6-month follow-up period. De Winter ECG pattern cannot be presumed to be associated with LAD stenosis and 18-lead ECG is required to support the identification of the "criminal" artery and to rule out posterior myocardial infarction.']}
{'id': 314, 'question': 'A 66-year-old patient diagnosed with stage IV pancreatic adenocarcinoma 8 months ago. He follows treatment with delayed release morphine 200 mg/12 hours orally, kerosene and lactulose. For the last 15 days he has reported paresthesias and occasional lancinating pain in the right lumbar and periumbilical area that does not subside with rescue morphine. The neurological examination is normal. Indicate the most appropriate management:', 'options': {'1': 'Perform computed axial tomography and evaluate nerve compression since it is neuropathic pain.', '2': 'Evaluate neurolytic treatment since neuropathic pain is difficult to control.', '3': 'Decrease the dose of morphine as it is ineffective in this type of pain.', '4': 'Administer amitriptyline or gabapentin, dexamethasone and increase the dose of morphine.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ["Endoscopic ultrasonography-guided tissue acquisition (EUS-TA) has become the norm for the diagnosis of pancreatic solid lesions. EUS-TA is relatively safe, but various complications can occur. Infected pancreatic necrosis (IPN) is a rare but serious complication. The latest guidelines suggest that all invasive interventions in patients with IPN should be delayed until walled-off necrosis appears. A 73-year-old man was referred to our hospital with double primary cancers including gallbladder and pancreas. We performed EUS-TA on metastatic pancreatic tail cancer to confirm histologic diagnosis. Six days after the procedure, he developed abdominal pain and fever. The patient's laboratory findings showed leukocytosis and C-reactive protein elevation. Fluid collection around pancreas tail and stomach was detected in computed tomography (CT) scan, and the patient was diagnosed with IPN. EUS-guided endoscopic transmural drainage (EUS-TD) was performed for the treatment of IPN. Two days after the procedure with antibiotics, his CRP level decreased abruptly, and he received chemotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) 5 days after the procedure. He was discharged from our hospital without complications 15\u200adays after chemotherapy. In selected patients with PDAC, early endoscopic drainage may be recommended as treatment for IPN resulting from complications of EUS-TA.", 'Hernia repair with mesh graft is one of the most common procedures in general surgery. Mesh graft repair is the treatment of choice for umbilical and periumbilical hernias to minimize recurrence. One of the rare but serious complications is mesh graft migration to viscus. These complications can occur months to years after repair and their diagnosis can be challenging as they may present as vague abdominal pain only. A 74-year-old gentleman with multiple medical comorbidities was diagnosed with a para-umbilical hernia after which he underwent a laparoscopic hernia repair at our hospital using a mesh graft with no complications. On postoperative day 10, he presented to the emergency room (ER) complaining of colicky abdominal pain in the right iliac fossa for 1\u2009day associated with diarrhea. A Computed Tomography (CT) scan of the abdomen and pelvis showed diffuse wall thickening of the cecum and terminal ileum with small free air worrisome for perforation. The decision was made in the ER to discharge him home on antibiotics. The patient then returned back multiple times to the ER for the same complaint along with bleeding per rectum for which he underwent further investigations. Months later, the patient presented again with the same symptoms. A CT scan revealed recurrence of a periumbilical hernia and thickening of the medial wall of the cecum with mesh graft material. The patient was then taken to surgery and intra-operative findings revealed migration of almost 50% of the mesh graft size to the cecum and part of the mesh graft was eroding the distal part of ileum just proximal to the ileocecal junction. Adhesolysis and limited right hemicolectomy with ileocolic anastomosis was done. The patient had an uneventful recovery after revisions surgery without any perioperative complications. He was discharged home on postoperative readmission day 5 and followed up at 2\u2009weeks and 3\u2009months without any delayed complications or subjective complaints. It is important to consider mesh graft migration to viscus as a cause of persistent abdominal pain and bleeding per rectum irrespective of the time of presentation post hernia repair.', "A 59-year-old man presented with painful subcutaneous nodules on the anterior surfaces of the legs. He had received oral antibiotics and supportive care for presumed cellulitis and thrombophlebitis, but had minimal improvement. Five months earlier, he had undergone pancreaticoduodenectomy for acinar pancreatic carcinoma; at that time, the serum level of amylase had been normal, but the level of lipase was elevated. The patient denied fever, rigors, arthritis/arthralgia, or pleuritic pain. His medications included aspirin, furosemide, ranitidine, and nortriptyline. He denied any allergies. Physical examination revealed numerous firm, tender, erythematous and violaceous, subcutaneous nodules on the lower extremities, with marked bilateral pitting edema (Fig. 1). Skin biopsy of a representative lesion revealed septal panniculitis, consistent with erythema nodosum (Fig. 2). None of the characteristic changes of pancreatic fat necrosis was present. The patient was treated with aspirin, 650 mg orally, q 6 h, and indomethacin, 50 mg orally, q 12 h, but he continued to develop new nodules; prednisone, 60 mg orally was begun. Although he reported improvement in symptoms, the nodules failed to respond clinically and older nodules ulcerated along the medical aspect of the right leg (Fig. 3). The complete blood count was normal, except for hemoglobin, 10.9 mg per dL. Routine serum biochemical studies were also normal, except for albumin, 3.1 mg per dL, LDH, 312 U per L, and SGOT, 51 U per L. Serum amylase was 14 U per L (normal per 30 to 115 U per L) and serum lipase was 54,160 U per L (normal 0 to 200 U per L). Chest roentgenogram and tuberculin skin test were negative. A CT scan of the abdomen revealed extensive liver metastases. A second biopsy of the skin and subcutis of a necrotic nodule revealed lobular panniculitis with the characteristic picture seen in pancreatic fat necrosis (Fig. 4). The patient was presumed to have metastatic pancreatic carcinoma and pancreatic fat necrosis. Nodules subsequently developed on the thighs, arms, hands, wrists, and fingers. He developed arthritis and arthralgias of the ankles, wrists, and hands, bilaterally, and the right knee. Aspiration of a right knee effusion revealed numerous neutrophils, but no evidence of infection. Treatment was begun with the somatostatin analog, octreotide, in increasing doses. During this therapy, the lesions did not progress and new lesions did not appear. There was no change in the lipase level. Inadvertently, octreotide was omitted at discharge, but reintroduction of octreotide was associated with lack of further progression of the nodules, according to the patient's spouse; however the patient became progressively debilitated and his abdominal pain worsened, requiring continuous sedation. His condition deteriorated and he died several weeks after hospital discharge.", 'We describe a case of persistent hiccups after attempted interscalene brachial plexus block. A 38-year-old man was admitted for arthroscopic repair of a right shoulder injury. An interscalene block was attempted in the preoperative area and combined with general anesthesia for surgery. The procedure lasted 5(1/4) hours. After transfer to the recovery room, the patient complained of severe right shoulder pain and had no discernible sensory or motor block. He was noted to be hiccuping. The patient was discharged home the following morning but returned 2 days later complaining of persistent hiccups since surgery, with associated insomnia and nausea. He was readmitted and given chlorpromazine 50 mg intravenously every 8 hours and metoclopramide 10 mg intravenously every 6 hours. The patient was discharged 4 days later on chlorpromazine 25 mg by mouth every 8 hours and baclofen 5 mg by mouth every 12 hours, with hiccups greatly reduced in both intensity and frequency. Hiccups ceased 1 day after discharge. Eighteen days after surgery, he was off all medication with no return of his hiccups; 1 month later he remains hiccup free. Persistent hiccups have many postulated causes, including several that are common in the perioperative period, but this is the first time to our knowledge that persistent hiccups have been described in association with attempted interscalene brachial plexus block.', "The symptomatic presentation of an unruptured sinus of Valsalva aneurysm is rare. A 48 year old man with a history of treated hypothyroidism, and a five year history of ileocolonic Crohn's disease of chronic low grade activity presented with a profound left hemiplegia. He was in sinus rhythm and normotensive. Cardiac auscultation was repeatedly normal. Computed tomography of the head performed early in the course of the illness was reported as normal. Duplex Doppler examination of the carotid arteries performed six months later revealed no significant atheroma. There was complete resolution of the neurological deficit over a period of months. A year later he presented with chest pain suggestive of myocardial ischaemia. Computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, transthoracic and transoesophageal echocardiography, and cardiac catheterisation pointed to a sinus of Valsalva aneurysm protruding into the left ventricular outflow tract. In view of the previous neurological event and ongoing chest pain suggestive of myocardial ischaemia, the lesion was resected. The patient made a good recovery and postoperative transoesophageal echocardiography showed normal aortic valve function with no residual regurgitation. This is the first reported case of pure left ventricular outflow tract extension of an unruptured left sinus aneurysm. The presentation with ischaemic cardiac pain does not seem to be explained by conventional mechanisms."]}
{'id': 263, 'question': 'Juan is 60 years old, has been smoking 2 packs/day for years and has reported a persistent cough for the last 6 months. He notes that his left eyelid is more droopy and that the pupil of this eye is smaller. John reports that the medial side of his left hand is numb and with less strength. His physician checks for palpebral ptosis and left miosis; he checks that he can close both eyelids symmetrically and that both pupils respond correctly to light. In addition, he checks that there is no sweating from the left hemiface, that he feels less prickling on the inner surface of the left hand and that he has less strength in the grip of the left hand. Regarding the ocular symptomatology, where is the lesion located?', 'options': {'1': "Sympathetic fibers, at some level that would span from the hypothalamus to the interinedio-lateral Clark's column of the dorsal medulla.", '2': 'Left common ocular motor nerve in the midbrain.', '3': 'Edinger-Westphal nucleus above the left common ocular motor nerve nucleus.', '4': 'Parasympathetic fibers, at some level ranging from the Edinger-Westphal nucleus to the constrictor muscle of the left pupil.', '5': 'Tarsal muscle exclusively.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) is characterized by recurrent episodes of fever and serositis caused by autosomal recessive inheritance MEFV gene mutations. It is reported that the onset of angiitis is high among patients with this disease, but no reports were found in the field of ophthalmology in Japan. In this paper, we report one case that developed from optic disc vasculitis to frosted branch angiitis associated with retinal vein occlusion. A 39 year old male. Fever, abdominal pain and chest pain were continued from childhood. In 2006, an idiopathic fever was reported with a renal disorder. Based on the results of laboratory examinations, he was diagnosed with FMF and started oral colchicines to stabilize the symptoms. In October 2007, he complained of blurry vision in his left eye that lasted for about one week prior to his visit and decided to visit our department for an examination. Visual acuity was right 1.5 and left 1.2. Although no abnormalities were found in the anterior chamber or optic media of either eye, the left eye papilla was reddish and swollen, and varicose enlargement of the retinal veins and a small retinal hemorrhage were found. Four days later, a white vascular infiltration spread to all branches of the retinal veins at the upper-half of the left eye papilla, the hemorrhage increased in the entire retina and the visual acuity decreased to 0.1. He was hospitalized and systemic administration of an antiviral agent, an antibacterial agent and a steroidal agent (prednisolone 60 mg/day) was started. Subsequently, the left eye ocular fundus findings slowly improved and he was cured 7 months later with a visual acuity of 1.0. Frosted branch angiitis may occur with systemic gene abnormalities as an underlying condition and it is important in the future to consider FMF as a causative disease.', 'Satish is a 3 (1/2)-year-old boy you are seeing in your primary care office for a "sick visit" due to parental concerns about his language development. He is the only child of a couple who immigrated to the United States from India shortly before his birth. He received early intervention services for speech and language delays for a few months before he attained 2 years of age. However, services were discontinued when the family moved back to India for a year. After the family returned to the United States, they lived in a different state for several months before moving again recently to his current home, so he is relatively new to your practice. Satish\'s mother is concerned not only about his communication skills but also about his attention and social skills. She notes that he often plays alone or in parallel with other children. She was also told by his first pediatrician that Satish had "a limited imagination." His parents feel that he has pretend play, in that he will pretend to get his haircut, talk on the phone, or ride on a train. Satish was born at term without complications. He passed his newborn hearing screen and a repeat hearing test at the age of 2 years. He has had no medical problems and takes a daily multivitamin. His parents are both of Indian descent. Satish\'s father is an engineer and had a history of being a late talker. His mother graduated from high school and is a homemaker. They are expecting their second child. Satish\'s developmental history is significant for language delays. He babbled at 6 months but did not have single words until he was 2 years. When he was 2 (1/2) years, he had 2 to 3 word sentences. He responded to his name at 15 months and could follow single step commands by the age of 2 years. Currently, Satish is noted to have difficulty with "back and forth conversation." He sometimes repeats what others are saying.The family speaks Hindi, their native language, exclusively at home. When Satish speaks, he usually speaks in Hindi. His parents describe him as using "odd language" in that he will often mix up his pronouns. Satish is in an English-speaking preschool. His preschool teachers report concerns that he seems to "withdraw into his own world," and does not interact well with the other children. They also report attentional problems and poor eye contact.In the office, Satish makes good eye contact with the examiner and his parents. He looks to his parents for approval when completing a task requested of him. He seems to like an Elmo toy that is in the room but holds it and looks at it closely rather than pretend to do anything with it. You ask him to feed Elmo, and he says, "Feed Elmo." Because it is not clear whether he understands the verbal cues given to him, his parents repeat English directions to him in Hindi several times. He eventually complies but then leaves his chair to explore the room. His parents continue to translate your questions to him with variable results. He becomes increasingly difficult to engage, despite repeated attempts, in both English and Hindi, to attract his attention. Where do you go from here?', 'Aiden, a 13-year-old boy in the sixth grade who is relatively new to your practice, is seen for follow-up after his routine physical last month when you noted concerns for possible attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and gave the family Vanderbilt Scales to complete. Aiden has a family history of ADHD, specific learning disabilities, and mood disorder.His mother reports that she is concerned about how Aiden is doing at school; his teachers are complaining that he is not doing his work, and she is worried that he may be kept back in school. Aiden first began having trouble in the third grade. He was retained in the fourth grade for academic and behavioral reasons. Now his mother has been receiving calls about him not paying attention, distracting others, and staring at his paper. At home, he does not want to do homework and gets very frustrated. In fifth grade, he had a psychoeducational evaluation and was found not eligible for services. His achievement testing showed average scores in reading, math, and writing. Cognitive testing demonstrated average scores for verbal and nonverbal abilities and memory but was significantly below average for processing speed. Aiden continues to have problems now in into the sixth grade.You speak with Aiden in the office and ask him about school. He says, "It\'s bad. I\'m failing." He believes his major problems at school are that he is not doing his homework, he easily becomes frustrated, and he argues with the teachers. He has supportive relationships with his family and friends at school. He gets along well with some of his teachers, noting that he loves his science teacher even though she is tough and "gives hard homework." He describes his history teacher as "annoying." When you ask what he means he states this teacher "Can be not nice and says mean things. She picks on me a lot." His description is consistent with the use of shaming as a behavior he experiences at school.You review the completed parent and teacher Vanderbilt forms; both are consistent and concerning for combined type ADHD. You discuss the diagnosis of ADHD with his mother and both agree to revisit pharmacotherapy in September when the school year resumes. You give her resources on ADHD and classroom accommodations and discuss requesting a 504 plan at school. You also discuss behavioral therapy to better address his self-regulation skills.A week later, you receive a telephone call from Aiden\'s mother. "Aiden got home today and he is more upset than I have ever seen him! His teacher told him in front of the class that he would probably stay back a year and now he is saying there is no point in going to school." She is not aware if retention has been recommended for Aiden.What would you say to Aiden\'s mother? What would you do next?', "The pathogenesis of the extrathyroidal manifestations of Graves' disease (GD) is not fully clarified. According to the most common hypothesis, they would reflect an autoimmune reaction against antigens constitutively expressed by the thyroid and by the extrathyroidal affected tissues. According to another hypothesis, the so-called Kriss' hypothesis, soluble autoantigens released from the thyroid would reach the affected tissues, where they would become the target of the immune system. In this regard, a shift in gravity during sleep may favour antigen deposition. A 59-year old man with GD came to our observation because of a dermopathy. He had been treated with radioactive iodine for Graves' hyperthyroidism and with glucocorticoids and orbital decompression for a bilateral Graves' orbitopathy (GO). The patient complained of a monolateral, untreated dermopathy, affecting the left leg and hand. At physical examination the skin of the left pretibial area and of the dorsal surface of the left hand appeared red and thickened, with an orange peel aspect. Interestingly, the patient reported that he usually slept laying on the left side of his body. The observation of a patient with a monolateral dermopathy somehow reports to the Kriss' hypothesis, especially in view of the patient's habit of sleeping on the same side as dermopathy was present. Of course, this does not represent a proof that the Kriss' hypothesis is correct, but it carries an element in favour of it. The fact that GO was bilateral is somehow against it, but does not exclude this possibility.", "Dr. John Argyropulos (Dr. John Argyropulus, Dr. John Argyropoulos) was the last but, along with Dr. John Hortazmen, the most well known professor of Medical School, founded in 1308 by the Serbian king Stefan Uro II Milutin at the Hospital of St. John the Baptist monastery in Constantinople. After the town fell to the Turkish hands, Dr. Argyropulos stayed at Peloponnesus from 1453 to 1456, when he moved to Italy, in which he spent the rest of his life. He is not important only for the Serbs, he is more important for the Greeks and particularly for the Italians and Italy, in which he spent the largest part of his life, in which he achieved the university education, taught the Greek philosophy, language and literature, as well as translated a number of Aristotle's works from old Greek to Latin and New Greek, wrote a number of poems, letters and notes and made a strong influence on a number of Renaissance humanists in Florence, Italy, as well as on a number of intelectuals throghout Europe. We found no evidence that Dr. John Argiropulos either practised medicine in Italy, or that he taught medicine at the Italian medical schools."]}
{'id': 344, 'question': 'A 24-year-old woman, primigestation, suffers a spontaneous abortion at 7 weeks gestation. The anatomopathological study of the abortive remains indicates molar disease. We should inform you that:', 'options': {'1': 'The risk of a new molar gestation in a future pregnancy is 50%.', '2': 'She should not become pregnant until periodic check-ups and after one year with negative BHCG levels.', '3': 'Subsequent controls are not necessary if the evacuation of the trophoblastic tissue was complete.', '4': 'Periodic check-ups are necessary since 40% of cases will develop gestational trophoblastic neoplasia.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Solitary fibrous tumor (SFT) is a rare, usually benign tumor Most cases occur on the pleura, being less frequent at other serosal sites. We present a case of a large retroperitoneal tumor with no accompanying clinical symptoms, which was detected due to apparent abdominal asymmetry in a 24-year-old woman at 16 weeks of gestation. The MRI scan taken at 20 weeks demonstrated a retroperitoneal mass measuring 25 cm in length. The tumor was surgically removed at 24 weeks of gestation. The final diagnosis was established on the basis of the anatomopathological examination supplemented by immunohistochemical phenotyping.', 'Though the risk of abortion after amniocentesis in singleton pregnancies is well known, that for twin pregnancies is still unclear. A retrospective study was performed during December 1985 to May 1989 on all twin pregnancies that had undergone an amniocentesis, because of advanced maternal age. Out of the 33 patients aged greater than or equal to 35 years with viable and sonographically normal foetuses at the time of amniocentesis, three aborted spontaneously within 28 weeks of gestation, representing a risk of abortion after amniocentesis of 9.1%; using a cut-off at 20 weeks of gestation, only two patients aborted, giving a risk figure of 6.1%. This is 3.6 times higher than in singleton pregnancies (1.7%). However, to evaluate the procedure-related risk of amniocentesis, the age-dependent spontaneous abortion risk in twin pregnancies has to be considered. Accepting a spontaneous abortion risk of 4.5% after 16 weeks of gestation we have to calculate an amniocentesis-dependent risk of 1.6% up to the 20th week of gestation. It is essential, that the obviously higher genetic risk in twin pregnancies and the risk of procedure should be discussed carefully, before a patient with a twin pregnancy is advised to undergo genetic amniocentesis.', "The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the vaginal self-administration of 600 microg misoprostol up to a maximum administration of three doses in a 24-h period, one every 8 h, for abortion up to 9 weeks' gestation. A group of 90 voluntary women with gestations from 35 to 63 days participated in the study. All women who aborted received a single additional dose of 600 microg misoprostol. Outcome measures included successful abortion (complete abortion without requiring surgical procedure) and side-effects. Complete abortion occurred in 57/89 (64%, 95% confidence interval 53-74%) subjects. The mean expulsion time was 7.4 +/- 3.8 h (median 7.2 h, range 3-20 h) for all women who aborted within the first 24 h of the administration of misoprostol. Thirty-two cases failed to abort, 28 cases due to failure of the method, of which 24 had a negative cardiac rhythm after the third dose, and four cases due to the doctor's decision. The results obtained in this study led us to the conclusion that the 600-microg misoprostol dose regimen was not adequate to produce a high or an acceptable abortive efficacy.", "To detect omphalocele and associated anomalies at ultrasonography (US) early in pregnancy and to describe the outcomes in fetuses with isolated and nonisolated omphalocele. Fetal endovaginal US was performed in 43,896 pregnant women at 12-16 weeks gestation. The women found to have fetal omphalocele were offered an amniocentesis to determine the fetal karyotype. For parents who decided to continue the pregnancy, repeat targeted transabdominal fetal US was performed at 20-24 weeks gestation. Additional follow-up US examinations performed until delivery were recommended. Postnatal pediatric examinations were performed in all of these fetuses. For the pregnancies in which no anomaly was detected at early US, the women were advised to undergo repeat US at about 24 weeks gestation for the detection of late-manifesting fetal anomalies. For pregnancies in which the baby was not delivered at the authors' affiliated hospital, the woman, her obstetrician, and her pediatrician were asked to inform the authors of any detected anomaly. Omphalocele was visualized at US in 38 fetuses, who were categorized into two groups. One group consisted of 22 (58%) fetuses with associated structural anomalies. According to the karyotype determined for 18 of these fetuses, 11 of them also had chromosomal anomalies. The pregnancy was terminated at the parents' request in 19 of these 22 cases. There were two cases of missed abortion, and a small omphalocele in one fetus disappeared at 21 weeks gestation. The second group consisted of 16 (42%) fetuses with a normal karyotype and an omphalocele as an isolated US finding. In eight of these fetuses, the omphalocele disappeared at 20-24 weeks gestation and no defect was seen at delivery. In six other fetuses, omphalocele was identified at delivery. There was one case each of missed abortion and pregnancy termination. There were no false-negative diagnoses of omphalocele. Isolated omphalocele diagnosed during the early stages of gestation typically has a good prognosis. In cases of a small defect, the anomaly may disappear later in the pregnancy.", 'We investigated the capacity of first trimester peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) microRNA to determine risk of spontaneous preterm birth among pregnant women. The study included 39 pregnant women with the following delivery outcomes: 25 with a full term delivery (38-42 weeks gestation) 14 with spontaneous preterm birth (&lt;38 weeks gestation). Of the 14 women experiencing spontaneous preterm birth, 7 delivered at 34-&lt;38 weeks gestation (late preterm) and 7 delivered at &lt;34 weeks gestation (early preterm). Samples were collected at a mean of 7.9±3.0 weeks gestation. Quantitative rtPCR was performed on 30 selected microRNAs. MicroRNA Risk Scores were calculated and Area-Under the Curve-Receiver-Operational-Characteristic (AUC-ROC) curves derived. The AUC-ROC for the group delivering preterm (&lt;38 weeks) was 0.95 (p&gt;0.0001). The AUC-ROC for early preterm group (&lt;34 weeks) was 0.98 (p&lt;0.0001) and the AUC-ROC for the late preterm group (34-&lt;38 weeks) was 0.92 (p&lt;0.0001). Quantification of first trimester peripheral blood PBMC MicroRNA may provide sensitive and specific prediction of spontaneous preterm birth in pregnant women. Larger studies are needed for confirmation.']}
{'id': 43, 'question': 'A 10-year-old girl comes for a health check-up. Physical examination is normal with weight and height in the 50th percentile and BP 109/65. A routine urinalysis shows a specific gravity of 1035 pH6 blood 2+ with no protein. Urine sediment shows 5-10 red blood cells per field. What would be the most appropriate course of action?', 'options': {'1': 'Determination of creatinine and nitrogen in blood.', '2': 'Refer the child for cystoscopy.', '3': 'Determine antinuclear antibodies and complement.', '4': 'Repeat urine sediment in 15 days.', '5': 'Abdominal computed axial tomography.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Epidemiological transition with increasing burden of cardiovascular risk factors is evident not only in adults but also in children. The data on the prevalence of prehypertension and hypertension in children show large regional differences in India and such data are not available from Central India. We, therefore, conducted a large cross-sectional study in Indore to determine the distribution of blood pressure (BP) and the prevalence of hypertension and prehypertension among schoolchildren. A total of 11,312 children (5305 girls, 6007 boys) aged 5-15 years, drawn from 80 government and private schools in equal proportion, were evaluated. Anthropometric measurements were obtained and BPs were measured using The Fourth Report on The Diagnosis, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents as reference standard. BP ≥90<supth</sup to &lt;95<supth</sup percentile for given percentile of height was considered as prehypertension, whereas any BP ≥95<supth</sup percentile was defined as hypertension. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to find out the determinants of hypertension in these children. Prehypertension was detected in 6.9% and 6.5% and hypertension was found in 6.8% and 7.0% of boys and girls, respectively. Height and weight were found to be a significant predictor of systolic and diastolic BP among both boys and girls. Our results show a high prevalence of prehypertension and hypertension in Indore schoolchildren with age and height being significant determinants. This highlights the need for routine BP measurements in children by pediatricians when they treat them for intercurrent illnesses or vaccinate them. It should also be mandatory as a part of school health checkup programs to detect childhood hypertension for further counseling and therapy.', 'The analysis of urine was actually the beginning of laboratory medicine. The important part of the routine urinalysis is the microscopic examination of the urinary sediment [Fogazzi and Cameron, Kidney Int 1996;50(3):1058-1068; Diamondopoulos, Am J Nephrol 1997;17(3-4):222-227; Fogazzi et al., Clin Chem Lab Med 1998;36(12):919-924]. The microscopic examination of the urine is the least standardised and most time-consuming part of the routine urinalysis, even though it is now known that careful analysis of the sediment components can provide early information concerning the anatomic integrity of the kidney and the existence and extent of recent damage. Our objective was to develop a computerised image processing system and an interactive software package for the backing of clinicians, medical research and medical students. The system consists of: (a) a CCD camera attached to a microscope. (b) Digital processing device. (c) Computer equipped with special video card. (d) Printer. (e) Software. Image analysis begins with a digital capturing of the image as data. The image is detected with 256 gray levels and displayed with a resolution of 512x512 pixels. A pixel is an abbreviation for picture elements and represents the dots on a screen. Once the image is acquired in digital format, the data can be manipulated for changes in the display image or for statistical purposes. The digitised microscope images are a very important part of renal diagnosis and of teaching nephrology.', 'Gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) is a mesenchymal tumor that is rare in children. We report a case of GIST in a pediatric patient. A 16-year-old adolescent girl presented after an episode of syncope preceded by one episode of melena. Physical examination results were normal except for Hemoccult-positive stool. Laboratory studies included a hemoglobin level of 6.1 g/dL; complete metabolism profile and coagulation studies revealed normal results. She was transfused with 2 units of packed red blood cells, and an urgent esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy demonstrated 3 submucosal sessile masses in the gastric antrum ranging from 1 to 3 cm with normal overlying mucosa except for one of the lesions, which was ulcerated. Endoscopic biopsies stained positive for CD117 and were consistent with GIST. Radiologic imaging demonstrated the endoscopically visualized masses and also showed a solitary 1-cm lesion within the liver. She underwent partial gastrectomy and open biopsy of the hepatic lesion. Histologic examination confirmed GIST with hepatic metastasis. Typically with GIST, esophagogastroduodenoscopy will demonstrate a normal surface mucosa and a firm, smooth yellowish submucosal mass, which can be ulcerated. In some cases these tumors can be missed because of their frequent submucosal and extraluminal growth. This case, to our knowledge, is one of the first reports of the endoscopic appearance of GIST in a pediatric patient. Although a rare entity in children, GIST should be considered in pediatric patients with endoscopically visualized submucosal gastric masses.', "Nutcracker syndrome (NCS) is characterized by compression of the left renal vein (LRV) between the aorta and the superior mesenteric artery. While rare, NCS was reported to be accompanied by double inferior vena cava (IVC). We herein report a case of Noonan syndrome (NS) with double IVC who presented with macrohematuria and proteinuria. The patient was a 23-year-old man, who had been diagnosed with NS due to RIT1 mutation, after showing foamy macrohematuria 3 weeks previously. A physical examination revealed low-set ears and a webbed neck. A urinalysis showed hematuria and proteinuria, and urinary sediments showed more than 100 isomorphic red blood cells per high-power field. His proteinuria and albuminuria concentrations were 7.1 and 4.5\u2009g/g⋅Cr, respectively. Three-dimensional contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) showed double IVC and narrowing of the LRV after interflow of the left IVC. The aortomesenteric angle on a sagittal reconstruction of the CT image was 14.7°. Cystoscopy revealed a flow of macrohematuria from the left ureteral opening. On Doppler ultrasonography, there was scant evidence to raise the suspicion of the nutcracker phenomenon. Since severe albuminuria continued, a left kidney biopsy was performed. Light microscopy showed red blood cells in Bowman's space and the tubular lumen. Electron microscopy revealed disruption of the glomerular basement membrane (GBM). Vulnerability of the GBM was suspected and a genetic analysis revealed a heterozygous mutation at c.4793\u2009T\u2009&gt;\u2009G (p.L1598R) in the COL4A3 gene. Screening for coagulation disorders revealed the factor VIII and von Willebrand factor (vWF) values were low, at 47.6 and 23%, respectively. A multimer analysis of vWF showed a normal multimer pattern and he was diagnosed with von Willebrand disease type 1. As the bleeding tendency was mild, replacement of factor VIII was not performed. His macrohematuria and proteinuria improved gradually without treatment, and his urinalysis results have been normal for more than 6 months. The present case showed macrohematuria and proteinuria due to NCS in NS with double IVC and von Willebrand disease type 1. The macrohematuria and proteinuria originated from glomerular hemorrhage because of vulnerability of the GBM due to COL4A3 mutation.", 'To provide an estimate of the prevalence of ocular lesions associated with hypertension in geriatric cats in Auckland, New Zealand and to evaluate the importance of examination of the ocular fundi of cats over eight years of age. A total of 105 cats ≥8 years of age were examined and clinical signs recorded. Blood was collected for the laboratory measurement of the concentrations of blood urea nitrogen (BUN), glucose and creatinine in serum, urine was collected for determination of urine specific gravity (USG), and blood pressure (BP) was measured using high definition oscillometry equipment. A cat was determined to have systemic hypertension with a systolic BP ≥160\u2005mm Hg and a diastolic BP ≥100\u2005mm Hg. Each animal had an ocular fundic examination using a retinal camera to diagnose ocular lesions associated with hypertension, including retinopathies, choroidopathies and optic neuropathies. Blood pressure was successfully recorded in 73 cats. Of these, 37 (51%) had no hypertensive ocular lesions and no underlying disease diagnosed, 24 (33%) had no hypertensive ocular lesions detected, but underlying disease such as chronic kidney disease, hyperthyroidism or diabetes mellitus was diagnosed, and 12 (16%) cats had evidence of hypertensive ocular lesions. Ten of the cats with hypertensive ocular lesions were hypertensive at the time of the first visit and two were normotensive. One additional cat had hypertensive ocular lesions, but it was not possible to obtain consistent BP readings in this animal. Chronic kidney disease was the most commonly diagnosed concurrent disease in cats with hypertensive ocular lesions (n=6). Mean systolic BP for cats with hypertensive ocular lesions (168.0 (SE 6.29) mm Hg) was higher than for those with no ocular lesions (144.7 (SE 3.11) mm Hg) or those with no lesions but with underlying disease (146.0 (SE 4.97) mm Hg) (p=0.001). Ocular fundic examination of cats over eight years of age allows identification of cats with hypertensive ocular lesions, often before the owner or veterinarian is aware the cat has a problem with its vision. This may result in diagnosis of systemic hypertension allowing early treatment and resolution of lesions. The current study demonstrates that ocular lesions resulting from hypertension occur frequently enough in cats in Auckland to support the recommendation for fundic examination in cats over eight years of age as part of the routine physical examination.']}
{'id': 616, 'question': 'A 13-year-old female, with no relevant history, with menarche 3 months ago, followed since the age of 10 years by idiopathic scoliosis that has worsened. In the physical examination she presents a hump of 7 degrees in the Adams test and in the scoliogram a thoracolumbar curve T4-L1 of 35 degrees of Cobb and a Risser 0. The correct attitude to take will be:', 'options': {'1': 'Recommend swimming and revision in three months.', '2': 'Prescribe a corset-type orthosis.', '3': 'Refer to physiotherapy for spine elastification.', '4': 'Review in 6 months with a new X-ray.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["Our aim was to compare height velocity data, obtained from clinical height measurements, for girls who had idiopathic scoliosis with the data for adolescents who did not have scoliosis. We also compared the growth data with chronological age, menarchal age, and Risser sign in terms of their accuracy in the prediction of growth and progression of the scoliosis. One hundred and twenty of 371 patients in a database of girls managed with a brace for the treatment of idiopathic scoliosis had sufficient height data for us to quantify their growth peak. Height velocity data was generated from standing-height measurements obtained, in a scoliosis clinic, with a minimum six-month interval between measurements, and the timing of peak height velocity was calculated. The age at menarche was recorded from the patients' records. The Risser sign and Cobb angle were determined by a single observer. Progression of the scoliosis was defined as an increase in the Cobb angle of at least 10 degrees, compared with the curve magnitude at the time of the initial evaluation, after a minimum of six months. Progression to a magnitude requiring surgery was defined as progression of at least 10 degrees to a magnitude of 45 degrees or more. The height velocity plot grouped by peak height velocity showed a high peak and a sharp decline with values similar to those in normal populations. Extrapolating from percentile charts, 90 percent of our patients ceased growing by 3.6 years after peak height velocity. The growth peak was blunted (averaged over too long a period such that the data for the period of most rapid growth was averaged in with that for a period of slower growth) when chronological age, menarchal age, and Risser sign were used to predict growth; this indicated that these maturity scales grouped the patients poorly in terms of growth. The primary curve was progressive in eighty-eight of the 120 patients. Sixty of these patients had a curve of more than 30 degrees at peak height velocity, and in fifty (83 percent) of the sixty the curve progressed to 45 degrees or more. The remaining twenty-eight patients had a curve of 30 degrees or less at peak height velocity, with only one curve (4 percent) progressing to 45 degrees or more. Peak height velocity also grouped patients for maximal progression of the curve more accurately than did the other maturity scales, as most of the curves progressed maximally at peak height velocity. There was a wider spread of timing of maximal progression when chronological age, menarchal age, and Risser sign were used to predict progression. Height velocities generated from clinical height measurements for patients with idiopathic scoliosis document the growth peak and predict cessation of growth reliably. Knowing the timing of the growth peak provides valuable information on the likelihood of progression to a magnitude requiring spinal arthrodesis.", 'Background. The natural history of idiopathic scoliosis is a crucial issue in the planning and assessment of different treatment methods. This article presents the evaluation of scoliotic deformity in immature patients who have been in observation without any treatment. Material and methods. 159 patients (128 girls, 31 boys) were examined between 1971 and 2002. Skoliosis was diagnosed at a mean age of 6 years 4 months (range 2.1-8.10), and observation was concluded at a mean age of 16 years 11 months (range 14.6-20.3). The mean follow-up was 10 years 5 months. The prognostic factors analyzed were: age, sex, Cobb angle, Mehta angle, apical vertebral rotation, specific rotation, Risser test. The progression and regression of curvature was analyzed in different biological age periods, and was measured by calculating the difference in the Cobb angle on successive x-rays divided by the interval between x-rays. Results. The mean progression of curvature before age 5 was 5.7 degrees per year; in the 6-10 age bracket, 2.3 degrees per year; in the 11-15 age bracket, 7.4 degrees per year; in the &gt;15 age bracket, 0.3 degrees per year. The mean progression for patients with Risser 1 was 8.8 degrees per year; Risser 2, 7.3 degrees per year; Risser 3, 5.1 per year; Risser 4, 2.1 degrees per year; Risser 5, 0.3 degrees per year. Conclusions. The progression of curvature in idiopathic scoliosis is variable, and is influenced by age. Knowledge of the natural history of idiopathic scoliosis is a crucial tool in predicting the development of spinal curvature. The Risser test and biological age are the only effective predictors of progression.', 'To estimate the prevalence of idiopathic scoliosis and its associated factors in schoolchildren of elementary public schools. Cross sectional two-phase study, the first of which in classrooms. Those considered Adams positive were invited for the second phase, which consisted of an interview for associated factors and a scoliosis exam. Those with a confirmed test in the second phase were submitted to x-rays for scoliosis and other factors. To estimate the prevalence, curves with &gt; 5 and &gt; 10 Cobb degrees were used as cut off. In the first phase, 382 students were counted as Adams positive; of these 210 came for the second phase, 142 of which with a confirmed test. Using a chi-square test to compare the variables age, sex and color of the lost group (n = 172) to the group that accepted the invitation (n = 210), no statistical significance was observed, allowing statistical inference for the sample studied (n = 3,105). The estimated prevalence of scoliosis in the sample studied was 5.3% for curves &gt; 5 Cobb degrees and 2.2% for curves &gt; 10 Cobb degrees. Thoracic curves were observed in 44.8%, Risser grade 1 in 97.4%, and vertebral rotation degree I in 3.2%. Statistical significance was observed (p &lt; 0.05) for the association of scoliosis with: physical activity, hump, and flexibility of the spine to the right. The estimated prevalence of scoliosis in our study is comparable to those from other studies. However, its diagnosis and follow-up are important to health promotion and to the prevention of more severe disorders.', 'Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis is a 3D spinal deformity in frontal, sagittal and axial planes, with high relevance in the pediatric population especially in adolescents and females between 10 years of age and the end of growth spurt and skeletal maturity. The radiographic manifestation is a curve greater than 10° measured by Cobb method associated with vertebral rotation. "Idiopathic" diagnosis has to be done after neuroanatomical anomalies of the posterior cerebral fosa and spinal canal have been ruled out. The physical finding of a thoracic or lumbar hump is the clinical manifestation of vertebral rotation seen in a forward bending test (Adam\'s Test). It is recommended that all curves with a magnitude greater than 20° have to be controlled and treated by a spinal surgeon being observation, bracing and surgery the different treatment options based on the extent, progression of deformity and basically the clinical condition of the patient.', "To evaluate clinical outcomes of bracing and analyze related factors that influence curative effects in adolescents with idiopathic scoliosis, and to investigate indications of bracing. Seventy-nine patients with AIS who had no history of prior therapy were treated with a brace. Several parameters were consecutive measured and documented during the period of follow-up including Cobb's angles, curve patterns, menarche status, sitting heights, standing heights, Risser sign, apical vertebral rotation, and so on. The average period of followed-up was 30 months (12 months to 60 months). Twenty-one patients (26.6%) presented curve deterioration, 40 patients have no obvious curve change, 18 patients (22.8%) got a curve improvement. There was significantly lower percentage of curve progression and higher percentage of curve improvement in cases with Cobb's angle less than 35 degrees at the first visit (P &lt; 0.05). The percentage of curve progression was significantly greater in the cases with apical vertebral rotation beyond grade III while the percentage of curve improvement was lower (P &lt; 0.05). Curve patterns, Risser sign and other parameters were found to make their effects on the percentage of curve progression and improvement, which, however, was not statistically significant (P &gt; 0.05). Bracing can limit or improve mild and moderate curve of idiopathic scoliosis effectively, especially in cases with initial curve magnitude ranging from 20 degrees to 35 degrees . Risser sign is not a reliable parameter for measuring the outcome of bracing treatment for idiopathic scoliosis. Surgery is advised as soon as possible for the cases with initial Cobb's angles greater than 45 degrees and initial apical vertebral rotation beyond grade III early while bracing did not work."]}
{'id': 489, 'question': 'A 67-year-old patient who in the last 6 months, in two routine analyses, presents progressive lymphocytosis. In the last one, hemoglobin 15.4 g/dL; leukocytes 18.5 x103/μL with 82 % of mature lymphocytes that by flow cytometry express CD5/CD19/CD23 antigens and platelets 240 x103/μL. What do you think is the correct approach?', 'options': {'1': 'Study of TP53 mutations to establish prognosis.', '2': 'Bone aspirate/biopsy to confirm diagnosis.', '3': 'PET/CT to establish the therapeutic attitude.', '4': 'New clinical and analytical control in 6 months.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['To estimate the association between having knowledge about cervical cancer (CC) and having a Pap test (PAP) in Peruvian women over 30 years old. A secondary analysis of the Demographic and Family Health Survey of the years 2015 to 2017 was carried out. The level of knowledge was evaluated using the questions, do you think that cancer can be prevented?, Have you ever heard of CC?, Have you ever heard of human papillomavirus (HPV)? And do you think HPV can cause CC? The dependent variable was the realization of a PAP in the last two years. To estimate the association, generalized linear models of the raw and adjusted Poisson family were used. The measure of association was the adjusted prevalence ratio (aPR) with its respective 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Data from 21 563 women were analyzed. The prevalence of having performed a PAP in the last two years was 52.4%. It was found that, those who responded that cancer can be prevented (aPR = 1.09; 95% CI: 1.01-1.17), who had heard of CC (aPR = 1.27; 95% CI: 1.14-1 , 40) or HPV (aPR = 1.20; 95% CI: 1.13-1.28) or who responded that HPV could cause CC (aPR = 1.21; 95% CI: 1.11-1.33) had a higher prevalence of having performed a PAP in the last two years. Having knowledge about CC and HPV has been associated with having performed a PAP in the last two years.', 'Nowadays in urology, laparoscopic surgery is a reality that implies a very high percentage of the daily surgical activity. The interest in laparoscopy in urological pathology is undeniable, and the advantages for our patients with this approach are clear in most cases. But how do we deal with learning curve of this technique? What is the difficulty in laparoscopy training? What future perspectives might offer this approach? Difficulties in learning laparoscopy are easily identified and clear. The loss of the image in 3 dimensions, loss of touch, great dependence on surgical instruments, among others. For all these reasons, it seems common sense that the learning of laparoscopic surgery is structured and organized in a progressive increase in the difficulty of the exercises, which will seek to acquire the necessary skills before facing the patient inside the operating room.', 'The last decade has seen major advances in flow cytometric immunophenotyping and this has expanded the utility of flow cytometry to investigate the antigens present on normal and neoplastic haematopoietic cells. This review summarizes how flow cytometry is used currently in the diagnosis and management of mature lymphoid malignancies. The establishment of disease-specific phenotypes allows the creation of assays which can detect neoplastic cells with high specificity and sensitivity. Certain lymphoid neoplasms are well defined immunophenotypically, while others are more heterogeneous. The availability of more sophisticated cytometers and a wider selection of antibodies in routine diagnostic laboratories will lead to the resolution of these more complex disease entities.', "Platelets of patients suffering from Glanzmann's thrombasthenia (GT) and Bernard Soulier Syndrome (BSS) are defective in different membrane glycoproteins. Since these integrins can be identified by monoclonal antibodies, normal infused platelets could be distinguished from defective platelets and followed by using flow cytometry (FC). We studied this aspect in two recipients suffering, one from GT and the other one, who underwent splenectomy, from BSS. One hour after transfusion, normal platelets comprised 17% of the total platelet population in the patient with GT. Aggregation tests detected a measurable response to collagen (increase of 15% of transmittance). The presence of transfused platelets decreased progressively to 0.8% on day 4, which corresponded with a half-life of 2.6 days. Studies performed in the patient suffering from BSS found that 1 hour after transfusion, 53% of the platelet population corresponded to normal platelets. There was a progressive decay until day 6, which corresponded to a half-life of 4.6 days. Aggregation tests also detected a platelet response to ristocetin from 1 hour after transfusion (47% increase of transmittance) to day 3. FC is useful to measure platelet lifespan in these kinds of patients. We also report the first studies of platelet aggregation after platelet transfusion.", 'Recent studies have suggested that astrocytes share with the macrophages several properties in vitro, among which is the ability to express MHC Class II molecules and to present some antigens to syngeneic primed lymphocytes (MHC-restricted presentation). It has been claimed in the literature that astrocytes cannot start the presentation and cannot express the related MHC Class II molecules if not previously stimulated with gamma IFN. In this paper we report that 2 human GFAP + glioma cell lines, incubated in culture with various soluble antigens for at least 24 h, were able, in the absence of gamma IFN or of activated lymphocytes, to express the MHC Class II and to expose the antigens on their surfaces. Moreover, when a lysosomotropic agent such as chloroquine was added during the incubation, no MHC Class II expression was observed. This last datum suggests that in astrocytes, as is already known in macrophages, the processing of antigens and their assembling with MHC Class II molecules probably involves the lysosomal apparatus.']}
{'id': 534, 'question': 'A 45-year-old female patient with a history of gastroesophageal reflux has been presenting for the past year with episodes of pallor in some fingers with exposure to cold. She had recently been prescribed prednisone at a dose of 20 mg/day for joint pain and skin induration in the hands and arms. For the last 48 hours, she presented with general malaise and intense headache, for which she went to the emergency department. Examination revealed only a rhythmic tachycardia at 100 bpm, with no neurological focality. Blood pressure was 200/110 mmHg. The blood test shows only a creatinine level of 2.5 mg/dL. Indicate which of the following autoantibodies is best related to the process described:', 'options': {'1': 'Anti-RNA polymerase III antibodies.', '2': 'Anti-centromere antibodies.', '3': 'Anti-proteinase 3 antibodies.', '4': 'Anti-PM-Scl antibodies.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a fatal neuromuscular disorder characterized by progressive death of the upper and lower motor neurons in the central nervous system. Patients with this disease die mostly as a result of respiratory failure; however, owing to prolonged survival through assisted ventilation, cardiovascular causes are increasingly responsible for mortality. We report what is to the best of our knowledge the first case of type 2 Brugada syndrome causing ventricular tachyarrhythmia and cardiac arrest in a patient with upper limb onset amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. A 48-year-old Caucasian woman with a significant past medical history of papillary thyroid carcinoma status postresection, pulmonary embolism on anticoagulation, and a recent diagnosis of right upper limb-onset amyotrophic lateral sclerosis presented to the emergency department of our hospital with acute on chronic shortness of breath. On further evaluation, she was found to have hypoxic and hypercapnic respiratory failure and was placed on bilevel positive airway pressure ventilation. Her 12-lead electrocardiogram showed sinus rhythm with J-point elevation, saddle-shaped ST segment elevation, predominantly in V1 and V2 with no significant QTc prolongation. No troponin elevation was noted in her laboratory workup. Because she was unable to protect her airway, a decision was made to intubate her. After 1 minute of induction with etomidate and succinylcholine, she went into pulseless ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation requiring three cycles of cardiopulmonary resuscitation with high-quality chest compressions, three doses of epinephrine, and a loading dose of amiodarone prior to return of spontaneous circulation. She was further evaluated by cardiology services and was diagnosed with type 2 Brugada syndrome, for which she was started on quinidine. Her respiratory failure and the drugs she received for intubation likely caused her ventricular tachycardia to occur in conjunction with an underlying Brugada pattern seen on an electrocardiogram. The results of evaluation of her genetic panel for Brugada syndrome were negative. She was subsequently discharged to home in stable condition after a 10-day hospital stay. Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a progressive neuromuscular disorder with significant mortality. Respiratory failure is the leading cause of death, but lately, owing to increased survival associated with early tracheostomy and positive pressure ventilation, there has been an increasing trend in the identification of cardiovascular causes of mortality, especially arrhythmias, that may need periodic electrocardiographic surveillance.', 'Dextromethorphan (DXM) has unique toxicity that may be difficult to diagnose. We present a case of a young woman who presented to our emergency department (ED) initially diagnosed with recurrent seizures. Paramedics brought a 19-year-old woman to the ED. Witnesses noted "shaking," which the patient did not recall. The patient denied fever, antecedent trauma, or neurological complaint. She was recently administered lamotrigine for bipolar disorder. She was a former alcoholic with no history of developing withdrawal. She admitted to marijuana use but denied use of any other illicit substances. Her vital signs and physical examination were unremarkable. She had a normal brain computed tomography, electrocardiogram, and laboratory evaluation. There was no alcohol detected. Her urine drug screen was negative for opiates, benzodiazepines, cocaine, amphetamines, barbiturates, phencyclidine, and tricyclic antidepressants. She was diagnosed with new-onset seizure and discharged home. No abnormalities were seen in the brain magnetic resonance imaging scan and electroencephalogram. She was scheduled for a cardiac syncope workup, but never followed through. Two months later, she presented to the hospital again for a similar complaint. Coworkers reported witnessing sudden tonic-clonic movements and confusion. On ED presentation, the patient was tachycardic with a heart rate of 110 beats/min and had horizontal nystagmus. She was alert with a flat affect. She did not recall events but answered questions appropriately. Repeat radiographic and laboratory evaluations were normal including urine drug screen and computed tomography. Upon questioning, she admitted to abusing DXM for the past several months. A serum DXM level at this time was 988.3 ng/mL. She was admitted to the hospital for 24 hours without sequelae. All further diagnostic testing was cancelled, and she was referred to a drug rehabilitation program. Abuse of DXM is increasing in incidence. The serum level of our patient was almost 10-fold greater than the reported therapeutic level. The toxicity of DXM is unique, and abuse should be considered in all patients presenting to the ED with new-onset seizure. Dextromethorphan abuse should be considered in young adults who present with previously undiagnosed seizure activity.', "Methotrexate (MTX) is a frequently used drug in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), but occurrences of lymphoproliferative disorders (LPD) have been reported in patients undergoing an MTX regimen. Almost half of the patients with methotrexate-associated lymphoproliferative disorders (MTX-LPD) have extranodal lesions; moreover, although extremely rare, digestive tract perforations resulting from the extranodal lesions of MTX-LPD have also been reported. We describe the case of an 81-year-old woman with RA who had been prescribed MTX at 6\u2009mg per week for the past 11\u2009years. She was admitted to our hospital with occasional abdominal pain and was first diagnosed with enteritis. Her abdominal pain did not improve, and a computed tomography scan showed abdominal effusion and free air in the abdominal cavity. She was diagnosed with a digestive tract perforation and underwent emergency surgery. The perforation site was identified in the jejunum, and she underwent small intestinal resection around the perforated region. The pathological findings showed an ulcer in the jejunum and infiltration of large atypical lymphocytes around the perforated region. An immunohistochemical examination revealed the expression of a cluster of differentiation 20 and latent membrane protein 1. Considering the patient's history of RA treated with MTX, she was diagnosed as having Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-related MTX-LPD with a histological diagnosis of EBVMCU. MTX was discontinued after the surgery, and her soluble interleukin-2 receptor (sIL-2R) levels had returned to normal 1 year later. She has had a good course for the 2 years since surgery and remains asymptomatic with no recurrence of MTX-LPD, as confirmed by the sIL-2R levels. We experienced a rare case of the jejunum perforation induced by MTX-LPD. Since only a few cases have been reported of a patient with small intestinal perforation induced by MTX-LPD, further research is necessary to evaluate the clinicopathological features of MTX-LPD. The patient had disease remission after surgery and by discontinuing MTX treatment; our case did not require chemotherapy. EBV-positive patients, especially those with a pathological presentation of EBVMCU, could have a higher likelihood of remission, which could have been a factor in the present case.", "Hypertensive syndromes in pregnancy are one of the leading causes of obstetric admissions into intensive care units. They are related to changes in the central nervous system caused by a decrease in cerebral perfusion pressure, indicated by an increase in intracranial pressure. These changes in pressure usually result from acute injuries or a decrease in the mean arterial pressure due to iatrogenic action or shock. However, other vascular disorders may contribute to similar occurrences. A 15-year-old girl was admitted to our hospital complaining of severe headaches since the eighth month of pregnancy, and presented with an arterial blood pressure of 180/120 mmHg. The diagnostic hypothesis was pre-eclampsia. Our patient's blood pressure levels remained elevated, and she was submitted to a cesarean section. After the procedure, she was referred to our infirmary, presenting with a blank distant look and with no interaction with the environment, dyslalia, and labial and upper and lower right limb paresis. She was confused and unable to speak, but responded to painful stimuli as she conveyed abdominal pain at superficial and deep palpation. The hypothesis of post-partum psychosis was suggested. She was then transferred to our intensive care unit, maintaining an impassive attitude in bed but reacting to external stimuli. Results of a computed tomography scan revealed ischemic infarction of the territory of her left middle cerebral artery. A selective cerebral arteriography showed bilateral occlusion of her internal carotid artery in the intracranial position, prebifurcation and angiodysplasia in the cervical segments of her internal carotid artery. Sixteen days after hospital admission, our patient died. This data shows the need for careful monitoring of hypertensive syndromes in pregnancy cases, especially in cases with a history of chronic hypertension or with vascular alterations, It also highlights the need for constant supervision of blood pressure levels during the use of anti-hypertensive medications.", 'A 50-year-old female with a past medical history of bone tuberculosis diagnosed nine months ago was admitted in our infirmary for persistent fever with no evident cause. The patient was treated with isoniazid, rifampicin, pyrazinamide, and ethambutol for seven months and\xa0for the past two months, she was taking isoniazid and rifampicin. She went to our emergency room (ER) for back pain and fever that she had been experiencing for the last month. She was admitted with suspicion of disseminated tuberculosis that was never confirmed. Physical examination was unremarkable. Blood tests showed an elevation of inflammation parameters. A computed tomography (CT) scan of the chest showed a mild pleural effusion.\xa0She remained with fever during the three weeks in the infirmary while undergoing many other studies that were all negative. The back pain would change sides, and three consecutive thoracic radiographies showed a small-sized pleural effusion that was either\xa0predominantly right-sided or left-sided. Several differential diagnoses\xa0were considered in the process, namely an active infection, neoplasia, or autoimmune disease. The search for circulating lupus anticoagulant was positive. Antinuclear antibodies (ANA) were positive and the anti-histone antibody was strongly positive. At this point, we suspected a drug-induced lupus diagnosis, and isoniazid was discontinued. Following discontinuation of isoniazid, back pain and fever subsided and patient was discharged after one week.\xa0This case is a diagnostic challenge because of the rarity and symptom severity of isoniazid-induced lupus. Isoniazid rarely induced this lupus-like syndrome, with an incidence of considerably less than 1%.']}
{'id': 273, 'question': '18-year-old young man with a history of asthma, allergy to pollens, mites and cat hair, comes to the emergency room referring sensation of food detention at retrosternal level with practical inability to swallow his own saliva. He refers similar episodes on other occasions that have subsided spontaneously within a few minutes. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': "Barrett's esophagus.", '2': 'Distal esophageal ring (Schatzki).', '3': 'Infectious esophagitis.', '4': 'Eosinophilic esophagitis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['An example of a traumatic extradural hematoma of the cervical spine that occurred in a 32-year-old man who suffered from chronic ankylosing spondylitis is reported. Progressive sensory and motor deficit ensued some 3 hours after the patient fell from a standing position. The patient landed on his back, striking his head on the floor. After being helped up, he was able to walk unassisted to a nearby chair, where he sat down until his left lower extremity--and shortly afterwards, the right one--became numb and weak. On admission, the patient was found to have tetraparesis that was more pronounced in the lower extremities and associated with incomplete sensation to pinprick at level T7-T10. He also had painless distention of the urinary bladder. After a few hours, the weakness in his limbs increased and his sensory level rose to C5 bilaterally. A horizontal diastatic fracture across the vertebral body of C7 was discovered on plain x-ray films of the spine, and an extradural hematoma extending dorsally from C5 to T1 was revealed by emergency magnetic resonance imaging. After an emergency decompressive cervical laminectomy and removal of the clot, the patient rapidly regained complete neurological function, except with regard to both the urinary bladder and the rectum, which remained abnormal for almost 7 weeks after the operation.', "Methemoglobinemia is a blood disorder in which there is an elevated level of methemoglobin. In contrast to normal hemoglobin, methemoglobin does not bind to oxygen, which leads to functional anemia. The signs of methemoglobinemia often overlap with other cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases, with cyanosis being the key sign of methemoglobinemia. Emergency physicians may find it challenging to diagnose cyanosis as a result of methemoglobinemia. Our patient is a healthy 28-year-old male, a heavy smoker, who presented to the emergency department with multiple minimum bruises on his body, claiming he was assaulted at work. He appeared cyanotic with an O<sub2</sub saturation of 82% (normal range is 95-100%) in room air. He also mentioned that his sister complained of a similar presentation of cyanosis but was asymptomatic. All these crucial points\xa0strengthened the idea that methemoglobinemia was congenital in this patient. The case was challenging to the emergency physician, and there was significant controversy over whether the patient's hypoxia was a result of the trauma or congenital methemoglobinemia.", 'This is a case of a 29-year-old man with a 6 year history of sleep-related eating disorder (SRED) that occurred with partial consciousness on a nightly basis. His family or wife witnessed up to 5 episodes every night, with each eating episode lasting 8-16 minutes. Polysomnography documented 4 episodes of sleep-related eating arising from stage 2 Non-REM sleep, when he consumed cookies that he had brought to the sleep lab that night. While eating, his EEG remained in stage 2 sleep or else was a wakeful EEG, and the eating episodes lasted for a mean 13.3 minutes. There was no epileptiform EEG activity during the polysomnogrphic study with a seizure montage and fast paper speed. Therapy with clonazepam, 0.5 mg bedtime, did not control the nocturnal eating. The patient tried to limit access to food in his home before bedtime, and this had modest benefit. This case of SRED has both typical and atypical features, which are discussed.', 'Anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (AED) is a rare hereditary disorder with a triad of sparse hair, dental hypoplasia, and anhidrosis. Here we report a case of AED with food allergy and atopic eczema. The patient was a 11-month-old boy admitted to our hospital with pyrexia for 2 weeks. He presented with a history of dry skin, eczema, and food allergy to egg. On clinical examination, his body temperature was 38.8°C, with dry skin and eczema almost all over the body, sparse eyebrows, and scalp hair. Laboratory investigations and physical examination did not show any evidence of infection. Radioallergosorbent test was positive to egg yolk, egg white, ovomucoid, milk, house dust, and house dust mite. As the child did not sweat despite the high fever, we performed the sweat test which revealed a total lack of sweat glands. Genetic examination revealed a mutation of the <iEDA</i gene and he was diagnosed as AED. His pyrexia improved upon cooling with ice and fan. His mother had lost 8 teeth and her sweat test demonstrated low sweating, suggestive of her being a carrier of AED. Atopy\xa0and immune deficiencies have been shown to have a higher prevalence in patients with AED. Disruption of the skin barrier in patients with AED make them more prone to allergic diseases such as atopic eczema, bronchial asthma, allergic rhinitis and food allergy. Careful assessment of the familial history is essential to differentiate AED when examining patients with pyrexia of unknown origin and comorbid allergic diseases.', "The likelihood of a drug reaction with lamotrigine is increased by dose escalation that is too rapid or drug interactions that increase the concentration of lamotrigine. There is a well-documented interaction between valproic acid and lamotrigine in which lamotrigine levels are increased, subsequently increasing the risk of a drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS) syndrome. This syndrome is characterized by fever, lymphadenopathy, diffuse maculopapular rash, multivisceral involvement, eosinophilia, and atypical lymphocytes and has a mortality rate of 10-40%. We describe the first case, to our knowledge, of DRESS syndrome that was probably induced by a drug interaction between lamotrigine and ginseng. A 44-year-old white man presented to the emergency department after experiencing a possible seizure. His medical history included two other lifetime events concerning for seizures at ages 14 and 29\xa0years old. After referral to the neurology clinic, he was diagnosed with generalized tonic-clonic seizure disorder, and lamotrigine was started with up-titration according to the drug's package insert to a goal dosage of 150\xa0mg twice/day. The patient had also been taking deer antler velvet and ginseng that he continued during his lamotrigine therapy. On day 43 of therapy, the patient presented to the emergency department with a pruritic rash that had started on his extremities and spread to his torso. He was thought to have experienced a drug reaction to lamotrigine, and the drug was discontinued. Thirteen days later, the patient was admitted from the acute care clinic for inpatient observation due to laboratory abnormalities in the setting of continued rash, headache, and myalgias. His admission laboratory results on that day were remarkable for leukocytosis, with a white blood cell count up to 17.6\xa0×\xa010(3) /mm(3) , with a prominent eosinophilia of 3.04\xa0×\xa010(3) /mm(3) ; his liver enzyme levels were also elevated, with an aspartate aminotransferase level of 191\xa0U/L, alanine aminotransferase level 473\xa0U/L, alkaline phosphatase level 465\xa0U/L, and total bilirubin level 1.4\xa0mg/dl. Use of the Drug Interaction Probability Scale indicated that a drug interaction between lamotrigine and ginseng was the probable cause (score of 5). The proposed mechanism of the interaction is ginseng inhibition of the uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase 2B7 enzyme, similar to the mechanism of the interaction with valproic acid. Clinicians should be aware of this probable drug interaction and avoid coadministration of ginseng and lamotrigine or use a more conservative dose titration of lamotrigine for patients who are also taking ginseng. "]}
{'id': 56, 'question': '14-year-old girl who consults for decreased growth for 2-3 years previously normal (provides data) and that other girls her age have greater physical and sexual development. Lately she has had headaches and visual problems that she notices in class and when studying. She has not had menarche or polydipsia or polyuria. Parents with normal height. Examination: short stature at -2.1 standard deviations, normal body proportions, little pubic hair and breast development. Campimetry shows left temporal partial hemianopsia. Bone age: delay of 2 years. General laboratory tests were normal. Gonadotrophins (FSH and LH) and estradiol are low. What do you think is the most appropriate response?', 'options': {'1': 'Decreased growth and sexual development, delayed bone age, headache and visual alteration suggest hormonal deficit and involvement of the optic chiasm.', '2': 'As she is a girl of pubertal age, it is most likely that her decreased growth and sexual retardation are due to Turner syndrome.', '3': 'She must not have a hypothalamic tumor because of the absence of polyuria and polydipsia. She probably has constitutional delay and her visual problem is refractive.', '4': 'A growth hormone deficiency may explain the developmental delay and low estradiol. To evaluate if she needs glasses, due to her headaches and visual disturbances.', '5': 'She could have a craniopharyngioma, but it would be rare if she had not shown symptoms before. Also, it would not justify low gonadotrophins and estradiol.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['To define anthropometric and hormonal differences in a group of black and white girls who began puberty with breast development alone ("thelarche" pathway) compared to those who began with pubic hair development alone ("pubarche" pathway), and test the hypothesis that pubarche may represent true pubertal development. Longitudinal cohort seen annually for ten years. Recruited through elementary schools in Cincinnati, OH, and Richmond, CA; through HMO in Washington, DC. 9 years old, either Black or White, in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study. None; observational study. Initial secondary sexual characteristic at onset of puberty; anthropometric measures; hormone measures. 478 of 1155 girls matured through a defined pathway. Age at onset of secondary sexual characteristics was similar between pathways, although girls in the thelarche pathway had puberty at a somewhat younger age, and black participants entered at a significantly younger age. Height velocity was the same in both pathways, and in the pubertal range. DHEA-S levels at onset of puberty were significantly greater in girls in the pubarche pathway, but levels of estradiol and testosterone were not different. Age of menarche was different by race (younger in blacks) and pathway (younger in thelarche pathway). Given similar age and height velocities at onset of secondary sexual characteristics, these results suggest that pubarche, the development of pubic hair without breast development, may represent true pubertal maturation.', "Several studies indicated that there is a significant relationship between BMI and body height, however, the nature of this relationship is not fully explained. The aim of the study is to evaluate cross relationships between height, BMI and the pace of biological development in girls. 1008 schoolgirls aged 16-18 years for whom earlier data on weight and height were available. The tests involved body height and weight measurements and obtaining information on the age at menarche. Body height and weight data at earlier age were collected from schools' medical records. Each girl had been measured at the age of 7, 9 and 14 years by qualified school nurses. Age at menarche was used for assessing the pace of biological development. Differences in mean BMI depending on body height category (very short, short, average, tall, very tall) were observed only in younger age groups. BMI values increase along with an increase in body height at the age of 7 and 9 years. No statistically significant differences in the age at menarche between respective body height categories were ascertained. An analogy analysis was performed for BMI categories (underweight, normal weight, overweight). Overweight girls were taller than normal-weight and underweight girls up to the age of 14 years. The age at menarche was the earliest for girls, who were at 7 years or at 9 years overweight. At the age of 16-18 years the shortest height and the earliest onset of menarche were reported in the case of overweight subjects. Overweight girls were more advanced in growth and development than their peers. Taller body height in overweight children is noted before reaching puberty and it is a consequence of rapid growth and maturation.", 'As part of a multidisciplinary adoption support clinic, Erin, a 5-year-old girl, adopted approximately 6 months before the clinic visit, presents for postadoption evaluation. Erin was born at full term. Her birth history was significant for reported maternal treatment for liver failure during pregnancy. Her previous medical history included hospitalization for a viral illness at age 2 months, recurrent ear infections, and a fractured forearm. Family history was significant for a maternal history of bipolar disorder, depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, and concern for substance abuse; a paternal history of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and depression; and full biological brother with a history of ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder. Erin and her brother lived with their parents until she was approximately 3 years old. At that time, there were concerns for poor hygiene, inconsistent medical care, poor school attendance for her brother, financial instability, and significant neglect. Erin was reportedly confined to her crib for hours at a time. She and her older brother were removed from the home because of concerns for significant neglect and placed into foster care. Approximately 3 months after foster placement, Erin underwent testing because of concerns for abnormal behaviors and possible developmental delays. Symptoms included poor sleep, repetitive behaviors such as head banging, delayed speech that primarily involved grunting, and lack of toilet training. She was hyperactive and aggressive and had poor caregiver attachment. On evaluation, she was small for age, poorly groomed, and easily distracted with poor eye contact and did not tolerate interactions with examiners. Neuropsychological testing consisted of symptom checklists and caregiver interview only because she did not tolerate diagnostic testing. She was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay with intellectual and language impairments. Over the following year, Erin was transitioned to a second foster family and was subsequently adopted. She received speech, occupational, and physical therapy, along with trauma-informed therapy. She made significant gains in multiple domains and was able to graduate from trauma-informed therapy after 1 year. On examination, Erin greets you with appropriate eye contact and reports that she is feeling "good." She is verbal and interactive with her brother and parents. She looks to parents for support when asked to participate in the physical examination. She does not display any significant repetitive behaviors. Erin\'s parents are concerned that her initial diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay do not accurately reflect her current level of functioning and are afraid she may have been misdiagnosed. How would you proceed with next steps to address these diagnoses?', 'The decline in age of pubertal timing has serious public health implications ranging from psychosocial adjustment problems to a possible increase in reproductive cancers. One biologically plausible explanation for the decline is a decrease in exposures to infections. To systematically review studies that assess the role of infection in pubertal timing, Medline, Web of Science and EMBASE were systematically searched and retrieved studies were reviewed for eligibility. Eligible studies examined the association between infections, including microbial exposures, and physical pubertal characteristics (breast, genitalia and pubic hair development) or age at menarche. We excluded studies that were published in a language other than English, focused on precocious puberty, were case studies, and/or included youth with autoimmune diseases. We report on study design, population characteristics, measurement of infection and puberty and the main effects of infection on pubertal development. Based on our search terms we identified 1372 unique articles, of which only 15 human and five animal studies met our eligibility criteria. Not all studies examined all outcomes. Infection was associated with later breast development (4/4 human studies), with less consistent evidence for genitalia and pubic hair development. Seven studies assessed age at menarche with inconsistent findings (three supporting later, four no association). We conclude that a small but consistent literature supports that infection is associated with later breast development; the evidence for other pubertal events and age at menarche is less clear. Where fewer childhood infections coincide with the rise in incidence of hormone-related cancers.', 'Pleuropulmonary blastoma (PPB) is a rare and aggressive intrathoracic neoplasm that is associated with other dysplastic or neoplastic conditions. The prognosis, especially of type II (cystic and solid) and type III (solid) PPB, is poor. High-dose chemotherapy (HDC) and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) have been attempted to improve survival rates. We report the development of follicular thyroid carcinoma in a girl who was treated at a young age for PPB. A 23-month-old girl was evaluated for a clinical diagnosis of pneumonia and was found to have a mass in the left lung that grew rapidly. It was removed and diagnosed as a PPB. At the age of two, she was referred to our hospital for further treatment. She received adjuvant chemotherapy for 6 months but developed a recurred mass in her back at 4.3 years of age. After removal of the mass, she was given a salvage chemotherapy followed by HDC and HSCT but not radiation treatment between 4.4 and 4.9 years of age. At the age of seven, after 2 years without treatment, she presented with multiple thyroid nodules in both lobes that steadily grew over the next 2 years. At the age of nine, she underwent total thyroidectomy, which revealed an invasive follicular carcinoma. She remained without clinical evidence of thyroid cancer for one year since the surgery. Radiation therapy was not administered because of the concerns of causing another malignancy. A literature search combined with the present case indicated that, of the five living patients who had been treated with HDC and HSCT, three developed a follicular thyroid carcinoma. The high prevalence (3/5, 60%) of follicular thyroid carcinoma in patients with PPB who were treated with HDC and HSCT is striking. This suggests that, in patients with PPB, either HDC or HSCT contributes to the development of thyroid cancer. Clinicians should be advised of the high risk of thyroid carcinoma occurrence when HDC and HSCT are being contemplated in children with PPB.']}
{'id': 409, 'question': 'The patient comes to the home of an oncology patient whose pain has not been well controlled lately. On physical examination there appears to be no evidence of tumor progression, and no previously known data of interest is revealed. In the anamnesis, the main caregiver states that the patient has pain 8 hours after receiving the prescribed basal dose of morphine every 12 hours. This clinical situation is referred to as:', 'options': {'1': 'Tolerance', '2': 'Hyperalgesia', '3': 'Dependency', '4': 'Ineffectiveness', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Topical morphine along with intrasite gel has been proven to be a simple and effective method to relieve pain. However, morphine is still not freely available in developing countries due to drug restrictions and stringent laws governing it. Loperamide has been reported to relieve pain caused by stomatitis effectively when given topically. Loperamide, being an mu receptor agonist with no systemic absorption, can serve a dual purpose here. Also loperamide being freely available as an over-the-counter drug can be a surrogate drug for topical application. The primary aim was to compare the efficacy of loperamide and morphine in treating pain when applied topically along with intrasite gel. Adult patients with healthy wounds with pain on Numeric Rating Scale (NRS-11) greater than 5 with no systemic comorbid illness were divided randomly into 2 groups - group morphine or group loperamide - for 24 hours followed by a 1-day washout and crossover in the other group for 24 hours. Pain was assessed once every day. Medical college and hospital. The parameters assessed included: (1) characteristics of the ulcer; (2) pain was assessed by NRS-11 at 12-hour intervals for a period of 72 hours; and (3) patient satisfaction. Statistical analysis used repeated measures analysis of variance to measure change in mean NRS-11 within each group. Analysis of covariance was used to compare the mean change in NRS-11 in the 2 groups. Morphine and loperamide were equivocal in pain relief after 12 and 24 hours (P = 0.400 and P = 0.753); however, the patient satisfaction scores were better in the morphine group. The earlier studies performed used injectable forms of morphine, for the sake of comparison, we used powdered morphine and powdered Loperamide diluted with saline. Confounding variables include ulcer size and aetiology, which can be a source of bias. The ulcer size was not standardized due to the paucity of sample to study. Equianalgesic doses of loperamide and morphine could not be found even after an extensive literature search. The loperamide dose used in our case was equal to the dose used orally since the same dose appears effective across a range of oral opioid analgesics. The morphine dose was standardized as 10 mg based on a mixture previously used to treat pain due to epidermolysis bullosa. Topical loperamide can be an efficacious and novel intervention to treat painful ulcers while avoiding systemic effects.', 'Upper-extremity deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is considered an uncommon clinical event with considerable potential for morbidity. This article presents a case of upper-extremity DVT following a clavicular fracture. A 25-year-old man presented with pain and distortion of the left midclavicular area after falling on his left shoulder during martial arts practice. Following physical examination and radiography, he was diagnosed with a simple displaced clavicle fracture at the middle third. The patient had no previous surgery or medical problem, and did not smoke. No family history of blood clotting disorders were present and neurovascular examination appeared normal on the symmetric contralateral side. A figure-of-8 bandage was applied to support the arm and the patient was discharged. One week later, he returned with swelling and severe pain in his left arm. On examination, a DVT was suspected and the figure-of-8 brace was removed. A Doppler ultrasonography was performed and the presence of a thrombus extending from the brachial axillary veins to the distal subclavian vein with no flow in that segment was revealed. The patient was placed in a sling instead of a figure-of-8 bandage to immobilize the arm, while anticoagulation therapy with enoxaparin was started (1 mg/kg every 12 hours, 80 mg subcutaneous daily for 3 months). The swelling was reduced after 5 days. At 2-week follow-up, the patient had no pain and the swelling had completely disappeared.', 'There is limited research related to spinal manipulation of uncomplicated thoracic spine pain and even less when pain is associated with comorbid conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis. In the absence of trial evidence, clinical experience and appropriate selection of the type of intervention is important to informing the appropriate management of these cases. We present a case of a patient with long standing rheumatoid arthritis who presented with acute thoracic pain. The patient was diagnosed with costovertebral joint dysfunction and a myofascial strain of the surrounding musculature. The patient was unresponsive to treatment involving a generalized manipulative technique; however, improved following the administration of a specific applied manipulation with modified forces. The patient was deemed recovered and discharged with ergonomic and home care recommendations. This case demonstrates a clinical situation where there is a paucity of research to guide management, thus clinicians must rely on experience and patient preferences in the selection of an appropriate and safe therapeutic intervention. The case highlights the need to contextualize the apparent contraindication of manipulation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and calls for further research. Finally the paper advances evidence based decision making that balances the available research, clinical experience, as well as patient preferences.', "The treatment of acute chest pain can be a challenge in palliative care. Firstly, because acute chest pain is a symptom of a paucity of diseases, which makes diagnosis difficult and time consuming, while there is also a time constraint, due to the extreme suffering of the patient. Secondly, the condition of a patient with advanced cancer disease and co-morbidities does not always allow for required diagnostic procedures. The present report describes a case of acute, severe epigastric/chest pain in a patient with dynamic disease progression, who was receiving palliative care. This study also demonstrates that the pathophysiology of pain in a terminal patient may determine the treatment strategy. The patient in the present case was a 41-year-old male, who had previously undergone gastrectomy for stomach cancer, followed by postoperative chemotherapy. The patient was treated with palliative chemotherapy for metastases to the lungs, liver and lymph nodes, which led to the development of iatrogenic peripheral neuropathy. The patient was subsequently admitted to the Palliative Medicine In-patient Unit of the University Hospital of Lord's Transfiguration (Poznan, Poland) with the complaint of acute epigastric and chest pain. An electrocardiogram, echocardiogram, chest and abdomen computerized tomography scan, esophagoduodenoscopy and laboratory analyses were performed to determine the source of the pain. The patient was treated with morphine sulfate, metoclopramide, midazolam, diazepam, acetaminophen, ketamine, hyoscine butylbromide, propofol, dexamethasone and amoxycillin, and received parenteral nutrition. As the source of pain remained unclear, a second esophagoduodenoscopy was performed to determine a diagnosis, resulting in pain relief. Thus, in the present case, esophagoduodenoscopy was diagnostic and therapeutic. Furthermore, although the treatment of acute chest pain may be a challenge in palliative care, the present study indicates that pain treatment should be adjusted to anatomical, pathophysiological and pharmacological factors, and may pose risks due to the unavoidable parenteral co-administration of multiple agents with strong therapeutic effects.", "We report a rare case of gastric cancer with liver metastasis in a patient whose condition improved with the combination use of lenvatinib and camrelizumab. A 53-year-old man was admitted to hospital for abdominal pain. After an enhanced CT scan of his abdomen, it was found that he had multiple liver occupancy. Gastroscopic biopsies and liver biopsies supported the clinical diagnosis of stage IV gastric cancer. Next-generation sequencing technology (NGS) testing indicated that the tumor mutational burden (TMB) of the liver tissue and stomach tissue samples were high. The patient first received transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) treatment on August 30, 2018. The patient later received combined lenvatinib (8 mg, daily) anti-angiogenic therapy and camrelizumab (200 mg, every 2 weeks) immunotherapy. Three months following treatment, the patient's abdominal pain was relieved and his weight was increased. Regular reexamination of CT showed that the metastases of the liver continued to shrink. The curative effect was evaluated as partial response (PR). After 11 months of treatment, gastroscopy showed that the lesions of gastric tumors disappeared. At present, 14 months since the initial treatment, there is no clinical evidence of disease progression, and the current overall survival time is 14 months. Moreover, the quality of life of the patient was good and there were no obvious adverse drug reactions. This suggests that immunotherapy combined with antiangiogenic therapy has a synergistic effect on tumor and can play a better anti-tumor effect."]}
{'id': 179, 'question': 'A 33-year-old woman consults for repeated epistaxis, petechiae and ecchymosis. Laboratory tests show thrombocytopenia with a platelet count of 4000 platelets/microliter. The initial presumptive diagnosis is chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). Which of the following statements is FALSE regarding the diagnosis of ITP?', 'options': {'1': 'The presence of lymphadenopathy or splenomegaly in the physical examination suggests a different diagnosis of ITP.', '2': 'Bone marrow analysis shows a decreased number of megakaryocytes without other alterations.', '3': 'Complete blood count shows isolated thrombocytopenia with often large platelets, without anemia unless there is significant bleeding or associated autoimmune hemolysis (Evans syndrome).', '4': 'The diagnosis of ITP is established by exclusion of other processes causing thrombocytopenia.', '5': 'The determination of antiplatelet antibodies is not accurate to establish the diagnosis.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura is a very rare hereditary blood deficiency disorder of ADAMTS13 (von Willebrand factor-cleaving protease) and a life-threatening thrombotic microangiopathy characterized by thrombocytopenia and microangiopathic hemolytic anemia. The deficiency in ADAMTS13 metalloprotease, which cleaves the von Willebrand factor, may be congenital or acquired. The congenital form is caused by inherited mutations in the ADAMTS13 gene. The diagnosis is challenging due to the nonspecific signs and symptoms, as well as the rarity of the disease. We present an unusual case of a 20-year-old feoderm woman from northeast region of Brazil who manifested thrombocytopenia during her pregnancy which was believed to be immune thrombocytopenic purpura. Considering the importance of a differential diagnosis of thrombotic microangiopathic disorders, congenital thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura may mimic the signs and symptoms of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, hemolysis with elevated liver enzymes and low platelet count syndrome, and atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome. It should be considered in suspect cases in patients with an ADAMTS13 activity at 5% without ADAMTS13 antibodies.', 'Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) is a bleeding disorder in patients who are otherwise healthy and present with thrombocytopenia with normal red cells and leukocytes. ITP is a diagnosis of exclusion and is in origin heterogeneous. The unknown etiology and the lack of clinical data from controlled prospective studies are reasons for controversies in diagnosis and management. Study endpoints traditionally include the velocity of platelet increase after drug intervention or observation, although a rapid elevation of the platelet count is of questionable clinical value. Evaluation of other endpoints is needed.', "Immune thrombocytopenia, also called idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, is a common cause of thrombocytopenia after viral infections. Even in the second year of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, our body of knowledge regarding the diverse symptoms and complications of the virus continues to grow and evolve. We present a case of a 48-year-old African American male who came into the emergency department with severe left foot pain. A platelet count of 7x10<sup3</sup/mL was incidentally found on complete blood count (CBC) during the patient's initial workup. The patient had previously been hospitalized for COVID-19 five weeks prior. Further workup did not support any etiology of his thrombocytopenia. Therefore, we gave a presumed diagnosis of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura secondary to COVID-19. The patient was treated with corticosteroid resulting in improvement in his platelet count.", 'We describe here an adult case of varicella-associated idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). A 23-year-old Japanese male presented with generalized hemorrhagic vesicles and fever. Laboratory examinations revealed severe thrombocytopenia associated with anti-platelet IgG auto-antibody. The patient rapidly recovered within a few days after antiviral agent (vidarabine) administration, and the platelet count returned to normal with skin lesion improvement. Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura associated with viral infection in adulthood is relatively rare.', 'The optimal management of immune thrombocytopenic purpura during pregnancy remains controversial because the risk of severe neonatal thrombocytopenia remains uncertain. We studied the outcome of the index pregnancy in 162 women with a presumptive diagnosis of immune thrombocytopenic purpura to determine the frequency of neonatal thrombocytopenia and to determine whether neonatal risk could be predicted antenatally by history or platelet-antibody testing. Two maternal characteristics were identified as predicting a low risk of severe neonatal thrombocytopenia: the absence of a history of immune thrombocytopenic purpura before pregnancy, and the absence of circulating platelet antibodies in the women who did have a history of the condition. Eighteen of 88 neonates (20 percent; 95 percent confidence interval, 13 to 30 percent) born to women with a history of immune thrombocytopenic purpura had severe thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 50 x 10(9) per liter at birth), as compared with 0 of 74 (0 percent; 95 percent confidence interval, 0 to 5 percent) born to women first noted to have thrombocytopenia during pregnancy (P less than 0.0001). Among the women with a history of immune thrombocytopenic purpura, 18 of 70 neonates (26 percent; 95 percent confidence interval, 16 to 38 percent) born to those with circulating platelet antibodies had severe thrombocytopenia, as compared with 0 of 18 infants (0 percent; 95 percent confidence interval, 0 to 18.5 percent) born to those without circulating antibodies (P less than 0.02). Thus, the risk of severe neonatal thrombocytopenia in the offspring of women without a history of immune thrombocytopenic purpura before pregnancy and of women with a history of the condition in whom circulating platelet antibodies are not detected was 0 percent (95 percent confidence intervals, 0 to 5 and 0 to 18.5 percent, respectively). The absence of a history of immune thrombocytopenic purpura or the presence of negative results on circulating-antibody testing in pregnant women indicates a minimal risk of severe neonatal thrombocytopenia in their offspring.']}
{'id': 353, 'question': 'A 27-year-old woman referred to the gynecology office for evaluation referring dyspareunia for about 8 months, along with dyschezia and occasional rectorrhagia coinciding with menstruation for 3-4 months. She also reports dysmenorrhea for years, which she controls well with ibuprofen. She has been trying to get pregnant for 16 months without success. In the gynecological examination she only has pain when pressing on the posterior vaginal fornix. Which test do you consider would allow you to reach a diagnosis of certainty of her pathology?', 'options': {'1': 'Transvaginal ultrasound.', '2': 'Diagnostic laparoscopy.', '3': 'Magnetic resonance imaging.', '4': 'Colonoscopy.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Kendra is a 4-year-old girl with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) who presents for follow-up of feeding problems to her pediatric clinician. She is an only child in a family where both parents are scientists. Feeding concerns date to infancy, when she was diagnosed with Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) associated with persistent bottle refusal and the acceptance of few pureed foods. At 13 months, milk and peanut allergies were diagnosed. Following a feeding clinic evaluation at 24 months, she was prescribed a soy milk supplement and an H2 blocker. There was no concern for oral-motor dysfunction. She was also referred to early intervention for feeding therapy. However, her parents terminated participation after 6 months because she became anxious and had tantrum prior to treatment groups.She was seen in another feeding program at 3 years; zinc, folate, thyroid, and a celiac panel were normal, and an endoscopy was negative for eosinophilic esophagitis. She began individual feeding therapy, where concerns for rigidity, difficulty transitioning, and limited peer interactions led to a neuropsychological evaluation. Kendra was diagnosed with an ASD and avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID). Her cognitive skills were average, and expressive and receptive language skills were low average.Her diet consisted of French fries, Ritz crackers, pretzels, and 32 ounces of soy formula daily. She had stopped accepting Cheerios and saltines 2 months prior. She controlled other aspects of feeding, insisting on a specific parking spot at a fast food restaurant and drinking from a particular sippy cup. Her parents accepted these demands with concern about her caloric intake, which they tracked daily.Following diagnosis with ARFID, she resumed feeding therapy using a systematic desensitization approach with rewards. At the first session, she kissed and licked 2 new foods without gagging. Her mother appeared receptive to recommendations that included continuing the "food game" at home, replacing 1 ounce of soy formula by offering water each day, limiting between-meal grazing, and refusing specific feeding demands.Currently, her parents plan to discontinue feeding therapy with concerns that the treatment was "too harsh." Her father produces logs of her caloric and micronutrient intake as evidence that she did not replace missed formula with other foods and reports that she subsequently became more difficult to manage behaviorally. Her father now demands to see randomized controlled trials of feeding therapy approaches. Her weight is stable, but she has now limited her pretzel intake to a specific brand. How would you approach her continued care?', 'As part of a multidisciplinary adoption support clinic, Erin, a 5-year-old girl, adopted approximately 6 months before the clinic visit, presents for postadoption evaluation. Erin was born at full term. Her birth history was significant for reported maternal treatment for liver failure during pregnancy. Her previous medical history included hospitalization for a viral illness at age 2 months, recurrent ear infections, and a fractured forearm. Family history was significant for a maternal history of bipolar disorder, depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, and concern for substance abuse; a paternal history of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and depression; and full biological brother with a history of ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder. Erin and her brother lived with their parents until she was approximately 3 years old. At that time, there were concerns for poor hygiene, inconsistent medical care, poor school attendance for her brother, financial instability, and significant neglect. Erin was reportedly confined to her crib for hours at a time. She and her older brother were removed from the home because of concerns for significant neglect and placed into foster care. Approximately 3 months after foster placement, Erin underwent testing because of concerns for abnormal behaviors and possible developmental delays. Symptoms included poor sleep, repetitive behaviors such as head banging, delayed speech that primarily involved grunting, and lack of toilet training. She was hyperactive and aggressive and had poor caregiver attachment. On evaluation, she was small for age, poorly groomed, and easily distracted with poor eye contact and did not tolerate interactions with examiners. Neuropsychological testing consisted of symptom checklists and caregiver interview only because she did not tolerate diagnostic testing. She was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay with intellectual and language impairments. Over the following year, Erin was transitioned to a second foster family and was subsequently adopted. She received speech, occupational, and physical therapy, along with trauma-informed therapy. She made significant gains in multiple domains and was able to graduate from trauma-informed therapy after 1 year. On examination, Erin greets you with appropriate eye contact and reports that she is feeling "good." She is verbal and interactive with her brother and parents. She looks to parents for support when asked to participate in the physical examination. She does not display any significant repetitive behaviors. Erin\'s parents are concerned that her initial diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay do not accurately reflect her current level of functioning and are afraid she may have been misdiagnosed. How would you proceed with next steps to address these diagnoses?', 'Aiden, a 13-year-old boy in the sixth grade who is relatively new to your practice, is seen for follow-up after his routine physical last month when you noted concerns for possible attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and gave the family Vanderbilt Scales to complete. Aiden has a family history of ADHD, specific learning disabilities, and mood disorder.His mother reports that she is concerned about how Aiden is doing at school; his teachers are complaining that he is not doing his work, and she is worried that he may be kept back in school. Aiden first began having trouble in the third grade. He was retained in the fourth grade for academic and behavioral reasons. Now his mother has been receiving calls about him not paying attention, distracting others, and staring at his paper. At home, he does not want to do homework and gets very frustrated. In fifth grade, he had a psychoeducational evaluation and was found not eligible for services. His achievement testing showed average scores in reading, math, and writing. Cognitive testing demonstrated average scores for verbal and nonverbal abilities and memory but was significantly below average for processing speed. Aiden continues to have problems now in into the sixth grade.You speak with Aiden in the office and ask him about school. He says, "It\'s bad. I\'m failing." He believes his major problems at school are that he is not doing his homework, he easily becomes frustrated, and he argues with the teachers. He has supportive relationships with his family and friends at school. He gets along well with some of his teachers, noting that he loves his science teacher even though she is tough and "gives hard homework." He describes his history teacher as "annoying." When you ask what he means he states this teacher "Can be not nice and says mean things. She picks on me a lot." His description is consistent with the use of shaming as a behavior he experiences at school.You review the completed parent and teacher Vanderbilt forms; both are consistent and concerning for combined type ADHD. You discuss the diagnosis of ADHD with his mother and both agree to revisit pharmacotherapy in September when the school year resumes. You give her resources on ADHD and classroom accommodations and discuss requesting a 504 plan at school. You also discuss behavioral therapy to better address his self-regulation skills.A week later, you receive a telephone call from Aiden\'s mother. "Aiden got home today and he is more upset than I have ever seen him! His teacher told him in front of the class that he would probably stay back a year and now he is saying there is no point in going to school." She is not aware if retention has been recommended for Aiden.What would you say to Aiden\'s mother? What would you do next?', 'Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) metastasis to the bladder is rare. We report two cases that occurred metachronously during pazopanib treatment for other metastases. To our knowledge, this is the first report to demonstrate bladder metastasis from RCC during molecular targeted therapy with pazopanib. (Case 1) A woman in her 60s was referred to our department for evaluation of an incidental right renal tumor. Dynamic CT showed a 6 cm renal cell carcinoma. In February 201X she underwent laparoscopic right radical nephrectomy, revealing clear cell carcinoma (grade 1&gt;2), stage pT3aN0M0. In February 201X+1 she complained of left pelvic pain. She was found to have metastasis to two iliac bones and an occipital bone. She received pazopanib, in addition to a bone modifying agent and radiotherapy for the iliac bones. After 8 months, she complained of asymptomatic gross hematuria in spite of having stable disease for bone metastasis. Cystoscopy showed a 1 cm solitary sessile nonpapillary tumor on the posterior wall. She underwent transurethral resection of bladder tumor (TUR-BT). Histological examination showed metastatic RCC. Thereafter she received sequential therapies (axitinib, sunitinib, nivolumab). She remains alive without recurrence in the bladder 51 months after TUR-BT. (Case 2) A woman in her 60s presented to our department with a complaint of painless gross hematuria. A dynamic CT showed an 8.5 cm renal cell carcinoma and multiple lung metastases. In March 201Y she underwent right radical nephrectomy, revealing clear cell carcinoma (grade 2&gt;3), stage pT2aN0M1. In June 201Y she started pazopanib. After 9 months CT showed a bladder tumor in addition to progression of lung metastases. Cystoscopy showed a 1 cm solitary sessile nonpapillary tumor at dome. She underwent TUR-BT. Histological examination showed metastatic RCC. She had no recurrence in the bladder during follow-up although she died of RCC.', "An 11-year-old white girl was admitted to The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in July 1983 for evaluation of metastatic tumor. She had been well until July 1982, when a mass developed over the right scapula. Treatment with warm compresses and antibiotics resulted in no improvement, and incision and drainage were unproductive. A biopsy at another hospital was interpreted as showing a primitive neuroectodermal tumor. There was no evidence of metastatic disease. She then underwent excision of the tumor with the underlying scapula. No further treatment was administered. She remained well until February 1983, when she began to complain of occasional lower back and thigh pains. Her symptoms worsened over the succeeding 3 months, despite treatment with analgesics and physical therapy. By May 1983, she was no longer able to attend school because of weakness and pain, and had sustained a 10% weight loss during the previous 2 months. She was admitted to her original hospital, where bone scan and bone marrow biopsy showed disseminated tumor; she then came to The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. On examination, she appeared acutely and chronically ill. It was very uncomfortable for her to move, and she walked with a slow, stooped, shuffling gait. She complained of tenderness in the lower back and both sides. There were no other abnormalities on examination. The hemoglobin level was 9.7 gm/dl, following transfusion at the other hospital; white blood cell count was 6,900/mm3 with a normal differential, and the platelet count was 480,000/mm3. A 24-hr urine test for VMA excretion was normal. She underwent bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, and the radiographs and pathology slides from the other hospital were reviewed."]}
{'id': 438, 'question': 'A 38-year-old woman of veterinary profession, in charge of monitoring wild animals and assisting in the delivery of domestic livestock. She starts with a high fever with chills, headache, myalgia and non-productive cough that she interprets as a flu-like process. She presented with chest pain. Chest X-ray showed bilateral pulmonary infiltrates in lower fields. A serologic test was performed with elevated titers of antibodies against phase II antigens. Which of the following statements is TRUE?', 'options': {'1': 'This entity is transmitted by ticks.', '2': 'Both doxycycline and hydroxychloroquine are effective in treating acute forms of this disease.', '3': 'In the acute form, the patient also generally has elevated antibodies to phase I antigens.', '4': 'Mortality in acute forms is almost nonexistent.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Cryptococcosis is an invasive fungal infection that is common among organ transplant recipients, and it is challenging to treat among these patients because of their immunocompromised status. Fluconazole (FLCZ) is recommended as a first-line treatment modality for pulmonary cryptococcosis in organ transplant recipients. However, cases of FLCZ resistance among Cryptococcus neoformans isolates have been reported from the Asia Pacific region. Previous studies have reported the efficacy of voriconazole (VRCZ) in patients with FLCZ-resistant fungal infections. Herein, we report a case of FLCZ-resistant pulmonary cryptococcosis after renal transplantation that was successfully treated with VRCZ combined with amphotericin B-liposome (L-AMB). The patient was a-23-year-old woman who underwent living-donor kidney transplantation at age 20\xa0years. She has attended our hospital since before for mental retardation, epilepsy, and dilated cardiomyopathy. At age 23\xa0years, she presented to our hospital with fever and cough. She was diagnosed with pulmonary cryptococcosis based on positive-serum cryptococcal antigen. Chest radiography showed bilateral consolidations. Fosfluconazole (F-FLCZ) was administered, and her condition improved. However, she developed cough and fever again on day 60 of hospitalization. Cryptococcosis recurrence was suspected due to the high degree of cryptococcal antigen titers showed (1:2048) taken on the same day. Therefore, L-AMB was added, and F-FLCZ was substituted with VRCZ. Her condition improved, but L-AMB was discontinued due to hyponatremia, hypokalemia, and elevated serum creatinine. This indicates that VRCZ caused the remission. She was discharged after 6\xa0months of admission. In conclusion, this case shows the efficacy of VRCZ combined with L-AMB for refractory pulmonary cryptococcosis.', "We report a case of a 61-year-old woman who presented with acute psychosis as a major manifestation of Legionnaires' disease in the absence of other neuropsychiatric symptoms. Clinical history revealed dry cough and nausea. Observation showed fever and auscultation crackles in the lower lobe of the right lung. Laboratory testing demonstrated elevated C-reactive protein and lung chest radiograph showed patchy peribronchial and right lower lobe consolidation. Soon after admission, she started producing purulent sputum. Epidemiological data suggested Legionella pneumophila as possible cause of the clinical picture that was confirmed by urinary antigen detection and polymerase chain reaction of the sputum. She was treated with levofloxacin 750\u2009mg/day for 10 days with complete remission of pulmonary and psychiatric symptoms. She has not had further psychotic symptoms. ", 'A 50-year-old woman was seen in the office for recurrent episodes of cough and right-sided chest pain. She had visited the ED three times in the past 15\xa0months for the same complaint. Each time, the pain started gradually affecting the right lateral chest wall. It was pleuritic and was associated with cough and mild shortness of breath. During these episodes, she reported low-grade fever but denied any night sweats, chills, sputum production, wheezing, or hemoptysis. She was treated with antibiotics and systemic steroids with resolution of her symptoms. The patient was an active smoker with a more than 35-pack year history. She had no known medical condition and was not taking any medication routinely at home. She had no family history of alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or Marfan syndrome.', 'Pulmonary nocardiosis is a common disease in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)infected patients. In most cases, the disease progresses slowly. Here, we have presented a case of pulmonary nocardiosis that rapidly progressed. A 35-year-old woman with acquired immune deficiency syndrome and superior vena cava (SVC) syndrome, who was previously lost to follow-up, presented to our hospital chronic non-productive cough. Her CD4 count was 33 cells/µL (4%). Chest X-ray revealed opacity in the right upper lobe of the lung, and the results of sputum acid-fast staining were negative. Anti-tuberculosis agents were prescribed. Two weeks later, superficial vein dilatation was noted on her chest wall and the chest X-ray revealed worse findings. Chest CT showed a heterogeneous mass measuring 9.6 × 9.8 × 8.3 cm in the right lung. Further, necrotic mediastinal nodes nearly obliterated the SVC. Gram-positive beaded branching filamentous organisms were identified in the sputum by modified acid-fast staining. Hence, she was diagnosed with pulmonary nocardiosis. Culture results confirmed the presence of Nocardia beijingensis with SVC syndrome. She responded to treatment. After 2 weeks of parenteral administration, we switched her to oral trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole, which was later followed by antiretroviral agents.', 'In the case of pneumonia an infectious cause is always considered first. However, toxic agents and medicines can also be the cause of pneumonia. A 54-year-old woman was referred to the emergency department because of progressive dyspnoea, a non-productive cough, headache, and fever. She was admitted with the diagnosis community acquired pneumonia. Despite treatment with antibiotics and oxygen she developed hypoxic respiratory failure, which necessitated invasive mechanical ventilation. Imaging diagnostics showed extensive bilateral pulmonary consolidation, despite the absence of a causative agent in cultures. Further medical history-taking revealed that the patient had recently commenced a course of minocycline. She had used this medicine previously and had twice before developed pneumonia without the presence of a proven causative agent. Our differential diagnosis included the toxic effect of minocycline and we treated the patient with methylprednisolone. This resulted in rapid clinical improvement and full recovery of our patient. Acute respiratory failure as a side effect of medication is rare, but nonetheless potentially life-threatening. Despite repeated exposure to minocycline, the link with pneumonia was not previously made in this patient.']}
{'id': 579, 'question': 'A 49-year-old man is admitted to the ICU for traumatic brain injury after an accident at work. In the physical examination he does not open his eyes, does not emit sounds before being intubated and presents extension of extremities to nociceptive stimulus. An intracranial pressure sensor is placed and a decompressive craniotomy must be performed due to intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Which of the following statements is correct?', 'options': {'1': 'On arrival she is in a Glasgow scale coma of 7.', '2': 'Cerebral perfusion pressure is mean arterial pressure plus intracranial pressure.', '3': 'Vasogenic cerebral edema is due to cellular edema, membrane rupture and cell death.', '4': 'Cerebral vascular flow increases with hypercapnia and acidosis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Increased intracranial pressure occurring after severe traumatic brain injury is a common and potentially devastating phenomenon. It has been clearly demonstrated that increased intracranial pressure that is refractory to initial medical measures is a poor prognostic sign. Current optimal management is based on a sequential, target-driven approach combining both medical and surgical treatment strategies. The surgical measures in current common practice include external ventricular drain insertion and decompressive craniectomy. There is evidence that both of these measures reduce intracranial pressure but the effect on outcome, particularly in the long term, is equivocal. Current Brain Trauma Foundation guidelines recommend timely evacuation of mass lesions and there is clear guidance regarding the indications for intracranial pressure monitoring; however, decompressive craniectomy is only cautiously recommended as a possible option for selected patients. In this review, we highlight the ongoing debate about the use of decompressive craniectomy to control intracranial pressure after traumatic brain injury; included is a summary of review of the most recent literature on the effect of decompressive craniectomy on increased intracranial pressure after traumatic brain injury and associated long-term outcome. The RESCUEicp and DECRA studies are discussed in detail. It is hoped that these 2 randomized controlled trials, which are evaluating the short- and longer-term outcomes of decompressive craniectomy, will provide conclusive evidence regarding the role of decompressive craniectomy in managing increased intracranial pressure after trauma.', 'Decompressive craniectomy is a neurosurgical technique in which a portion of the skull is removed to reduce intracranial pressure. The rationale for this procedure is based on the Monro-Kellie Doctrine; expanding the physical space confining edematous brain tissue after traumatic brain injury will reduce intracranial pressure. There is significant debate over the efficacy of decompressive craniectomy despite its sound rationale and historical significance. Considerable variation in the employment of decompressive craniectomy, particularly for secondary brain injury, explains the inconsistent results and mixed opinions of this potentially valuable technique. One way to address these concerns is to establish a consistent methodology for performing decompressive craniectomies. The purpose of this paper is to begin accomplishing this goal and to emphasize the critical points of the hemicraniectomy and bicoronal (Kjellberg type) craniectomy.', 'A 70-year-old man sustained a severe head injury following a fall downstairs, which resulted in him being found in a head down position. In the accident and emergency department he was noted to have subarachnoid air on a lateral cervical spine radiograph. This drew attention to the presence of fractures in the middle cranial fossa and nitrous oxide was immediately discontinued. The presence of a traumatic pneumomylogram implies a base of skull or middle cranial fossa fracture, and is almost certainly associated with intracranial subarachnoid air. Early recognition of the condition, and cessation of nitrous oxide, is essential to prevent dangerous increases in intracranial pressure secondary to the diffusion of gas into the air filled cavity.', 'In patients with traumatic brain injury, an effective approach for managing refractory intracranial hypertension is wide decompressive craniectomy. Postoperative hydrocephalus is a frequent complication requiring cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) diversion. A 50-year-old male who underwent decompressive craniectomy after traumatic brain injury. He developed hydrocephalus postoperatively, and accordingly we placed a ventriculoperitoneal shunt. However, an imbalance between the intra- and extra-cranial atmospheric pressures led to overdrainage, and he suffered cognitive disorders and extremity weakness. He remained supine for 5days to avoid the effect of gravity on CSF diversion. After 20days, we performed a cranioplasty using a titanium plate. The postoperative course was uneventful, and the patient achieved satisfactory recovery. The gravitational effect and the atmospheric pressure gradient effect are two factors associated in the ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunt treatment of hydrocephalus for the patient who had decompressive craniectomy. These effects can be eliminated by supine bed rest and cranioplasty. We herein emphasize the efficacy of VP shunt, supine bed rest and cranioplasty in treating hydrocephalus patients who have undergone craniectomy. A flexible application of these procedures to change the gravitational effect and the atmospheric pressure gradient effect should promote a favorable outcome.', 'Sequentially evolving intracranial bilateral haematomas, where the second haematoma develops after the surgical removal of the first one is rarely reported. To report a patient who developed an epidural haematoma after evacuation of a contralateral subdural haematoma. A 49-year-old male was admitted to our department after head injury. A brain computerized tomography (CT) scan revealed an acute subdural haematoma in the right temporal area which was evacuated. During his stay in the intensive care unit, he was submitted to intracranial pressure monitoring, which soon rose. A new CT scan showed an acute epidural haematoma in the contralateral parietal area that was also evacuated. While rising intracranial pressure after the evacuation of a traumatic haematoma is usually attributed to brain oedema or recurrent haematoma at the craniotomy site, the development of a contralateral epidural haematoma requiring surgical treatment should not be overlooked.']}
{'id': 212, 'question': 'A 45-year-old man undergoes a truncal vagotomy and antrectomy with Billroth II reconstruction for chronic peptic ulcer disease with pyloro-duodenal stricture. Six weeks after the surgery she reports that shortly after (less than half an hour) after ingestions she presents nausea, asthenia and sweating, dizziness and abdominal cramps usually accompanied by diarrhea. Which of the following is the most appropriate approach for her initial management?', 'options': {'1': 'Apply treatment with a somatostatin inhibitor (octreotide).', '2': 'Follow specific dietary measures.', '3': 'Trial treatment with a benzodiazepine.', '4': 'Search for a probable neuroendocrine tumor (e.g. carcinoid).', '5': 'Indicate surgical treatment to perform an antiperistaltic Roux-en-Y gastrojejunostomy.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Two hundred and thirty-one patients were treated electively for the complications of peptic ulcer disease other than massive gastrointestinal hemorrhage. In this group, there was one operative mortality, an incidence of 0.4 per cent; 99.7 per cent were successfully observed for periods extending up to 25 years. The proved rate of recurrence was 3 per cent, with an additional 1.3 per cent suspected of recurrence. It has been repeatedly shown by ourselves and other that vagotomy with drainage is the procedure of choice for patients with peptic ulcer disease presenting with massive gastrointestinal hemorrhage. On the basis of these data, we also believed that, until the advocates of other procedures can present convincing series of patients observed as thoroughly and as long, that truncal vagotomy with drainage remains a viable choice of surgical therapy for all manifestations of the peptic ulcer.', 'Ninety-seven consecutive patients with gastric surgery for peptic ulcer were studied; 86 had duodenal ulcer (DU), and 11 gastric ulcer (GU). DU patients were surgically treated by proximal vagotomy, proximal vagotomy and pyloroplasty, truncal vagotomy and pyloroplasty, or truncal vagotomy and antrectomy. All GU patients were operated on by the Billroth I method. Serum pepsinogen I(S-PG I), serum pepsinogen II (S-PG II), basal acid output (BAO), and maximal acid output (MAO) were determined before and 3 months and 1 year after the operation. The mean preoperative S-PG I concentration in DU patients (154 +/- 7 micrograms/l; mean +/- SE) was significantly higher than that (97 +/- 9 micrograms/l) in GU patients (p less than 0.001). A significant decrease in the mean S-PG I concentration in DU patients was seen 3 months (92 +/- 6 micrograms/l) and 1 year (66 +/- 4 micrograms/l) after the operation (p less than 0.001). This change did not depend on the type of vagotomy. However, this decrease was not seen in all individual patients as it was in BAO values. Moreover, the mean BAO decrease was much greater at 3 months (7% of the preoperative value) and 1 year (23%) after the operation than the respective decrease in S-PG I concentration. There was also no correlation between S-PG I and acid output (BAO and MAO) before and after the operation. In GU patients the decrease in mean S-PG I value after the Billroth I operation was smaller than in DU patients after vagotomy.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)', 'Lithium carbonate is considered to be a first-line treatment for bipolar disorder; however, this drug has a narrow therapeutic window, and lithium intoxication is commonly induced by various drugs interaction and situations. We herein report a case of lithium intoxication induced by the administration of an antihypertensive agent targeting the angiotensin 1 (AT1) subtype of the angiotensin II receptor in a 65-year-old woman with a 40-year history of bipolar disorder type 1, and 1-year history of essential hypertension. Her bipolar disorder had been well-controlled with 600 mg/day of lithium carbonate for more than 10 years. She was later diagnosed with hypertension and the AT1 receptor blocker, azilsartan was thereafter administrated on a daily basis. After 3 weeks of azilsartan administration, she presented with progressive action tremor and showed a gradual deterioration of her physical state. Four months after the start of azilsartan administration, she presented with alternating episodes of diarrhea and constipation. Two weeks before admission to our hospital, she presented with mild consciousness disturbances, myoclonus, truncal ataxia, and appetite loss. She was diagnosed to have lithium intoxication based on an elevated serum lithium concentration of 3.28 mEq/l.It is therefore important to evaluate the serum lithium concentration after the administration of antihypertensive agents, and consider lithium-antihypertensive agent interactions when selecting antihypertensive agents in elderly patients receiving long-term lithium carbonate treatment.', 'Recently, indications for endoscopic clips have expanded to include closure of gastrointestinal fistulae and perforations. A 62-year-old man with remote history of surgery for peptic ulcer underwent right hemicolectomy for a large hepatic flexure mass with proximal colonic dilatation. During surgery, inadvertent pinpoint duodenotomy of the afferent Billroth II limb resulted in a duodeno-cutaneous fistula. Despite total parental nutrition, cutaneous bile drainage persisted. The duodenal fistula was closed during upper endoscopy using three endoclips. Cutaneous bile drainage stopped, and the abdominal wall defect healed. This is the first published case of endoclip closure of an iatrogenic duodenal fistula from a Billroth II afferent limb. ', 'Erythema nodosum is a delayed-type hypersensitivity reaction with an unknown trigger in the majority of cases. It is characterized by the development of erythematous tender nodules on the shins. Septal panniculitis without vasculitis is a characteristic histopathological finding. We report the case of a 26-year-old woman who presented with a four-day history of an erythematous swollen left lower limb. She was treated with intravenous clindamycin for suspected cellulitis. However, her symptoms persisted. Punch biopsy revealed findings consistent with erythema nodosum. Two days later, she developed colicky abdominal pain associated with non-bloody diarrhea. Stool culture yielded <iSalmonella enterica</i serotype <ienteritidis</i. Two days after discharge, she presented again with a right breast abscess for which she underwent incision and drainage along with antibiotic therapy. After discharge, she was symptom-free with complete resolution of the cutaneous lesions. The presented case is unique as it had multiple clinical manifestations of <iSalmonella</i infection including erythema nodosum, diarrhea, and presumably a breast abscess. It should be kept in mind that gastrointestinal symptoms are not necessarily the initial presentations of <iSalmonella</i infection.']}
{'id': 507, 'question': 'A 46-year-old man with bipolar disorder is brought to the emergency department after an over-ingestion of lithium carbonate. Examination reveals severe tremor, ataxia, dysarthria, myoclonus and fasciculations. Lithemia is 4.1 mEq/L (toxicity > 1.6 mEq/L). Which of the following therapeutic options would be most indicated?', 'options': {'1': 'Aminophylline associated with a cathartic.', '2': 'Activated charcoal.', '3': 'Hemodialysis.', '4': 'Forced diuresis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Lithium has been used effectively used in the management of mood disorders, such as bipolar disease, acute mania, and hypomania. As the therapeutic index is very narrow for lithium, it is important to monitor lithium levels periodically to avoid toxic effects. Common toxic effects include diarrhea, tremor, muscle weakness, ataxia, and myoclonus. Severe toxicity can present with seizures, coma, and death. Cardiotoxicity secondary to lithium is rarely reported in the medical literature and can range from dysrhythmias and cardiomyopathies to myocardial infarction. We describe an interesting case report of cardiac toxicity secondary to lithium in a bipolar patient managed conservatively in an intensive care setting.', 'Lithium can cause not only acute neurotoxicity but also chronic and persistent neurotoxicity known as syndrome of irreversible lithium-effectuated neurotoxicity (SILENT). The combined use of lithium and antipsychotics increases the possibility of SILENT. Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a reversible, idiosyncratic, and potentially life-threatening reaction, which is usually caused by antipsychotics and other agents, such as mood stabilizers (eg, lithium and metoclopramide). Neuroleptic malignant syndrome is characterized by hyperpyrexia, muscle rigidity, and altered mental status. We describe a case of SILENT combined with NMS in this case report. A 46-year-old man who had been treated with lithium for bipolar II disorder since 2008 was prescribed lorazepam, lithium, and aripiprazole at his last outpatient visit. The patient experienced financial difficulties (bankruptcy) and suffered severe emotional stress. Subsequently, he overused lorazepam, lithium, and aripiprazole. Two days after the overdose, he experienced a high fever, confused mental status, and rhabdomyolysis and was diagnosed with NMS. However, even after resolution of NMS-related symptoms, quadriplegia, visual field defects, ataxia, and severe dysarthria persisted. A positron emission tomography-computed tomography brain scan showed decreased 15F-fludeoxyglucose uptake in bilateral primary motor cortices and in the thalamus, midbrain, and cerebellum. Brain magnetic resonance imaging diffusion tensor imaging and diffusion tensor tractography of the subcortical tracts revealed structural disruptions, especially in the corticospinal tract, dentatorubrothalamic tract, and optic radiation, which seemed to be correlated with the clinical symptoms of the patient. This case suggests that the clinical use of diffusion tensor tractography could be helpful to explain the clinical features in the case of SILENT combined with NMS.', 'Lithium carbonate is considered to be a first-line treatment for bipolar disorder; however, this drug has a narrow therapeutic window, and lithium intoxication is commonly induced by various drugs interaction and situations. We herein report a case of lithium intoxication induced by the administration of an antihypertensive agent targeting the angiotensin 1 (AT1) subtype of the angiotensin II receptor in a 65-year-old woman with a 40-year history of bipolar disorder type 1, and 1-year history of essential hypertension. Her bipolar disorder had been well-controlled with 600 mg/day of lithium carbonate for more than 10 years. She was later diagnosed with hypertension and the AT1 receptor blocker, azilsartan was thereafter administrated on a daily basis. After 3 weeks of azilsartan administration, she presented with progressive action tremor and showed a gradual deterioration of her physical state. Four months after the start of azilsartan administration, she presented with alternating episodes of diarrhea and constipation. Two weeks before admission to our hospital, she presented with mild consciousness disturbances, myoclonus, truncal ataxia, and appetite loss. She was diagnosed to have lithium intoxication based on an elevated serum lithium concentration of 3.28 mEq/l.It is therefore important to evaluate the serum lithium concentration after the administration of antihypertensive agents, and consider lithium-antihypertensive agent interactions when selecting antihypertensive agents in elderly patients receiving long-term lithium carbonate treatment.', 'Lithium is the oldest and still one of the most frequently prescribed mood stabilizers in the treatment of bipolar disorder. Nonetheless, the evidence for lithium efficacy in older patients with bipolar disorder is almost entirely extrapolated from younger adult patients. Here we review the literature on lithium in older patients with bipolar disorder, concentrating on the past 3\xa0years. A definitive study demonstrating the efficacy and safety of lithium in older patients with bipolar disorder is still missing. However, several lines of indirect evidence suggest that it is beneficial and advantageous over other mood stabilizers in the acute and maintenance treatment of late-life bipolar disorder. In addition, lithium may have unique properties as a regenerative therapeutic with specific benefits in reducing the cognitive impairment and suicide rates associated with bipolar disorder across the adult lifespan. Aging-associated pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic changes as well as increased rates of medical comorbidities and polypharmacy predispose older patients to a higher risk of lithium toxicity. Careful monitoring and adjustment of lithium dosage is especially important in older adults to minimize the risk of toxicity.', 'We report a case of a 63-year-old lady with bipolar affective disorder on lithium who was brought to our emergency center in a comatose state. Neurologically, the patient was comatose and had generalized hypotonia and hyporeflexia. Lithium toxicity was considered. Laboratory examinations revealed leukocytosis, normal blood sugar, blood level of lithium was 4.7\xa0mEq/L and she had renal dysfunction. Cerebrospinal fluid examination and cranial computerized tomography were unremarkable. Blood lithium level was 4.7\xa0mEq/L. Hemodialysis was initiated. However, in spite of dialysis and decreasing lithium levels, the patient remained unconscious. A possibility of nonconvulsive status epilepticus was considered; hence, EEG was advised. The EEG demonstrated bihemispheric slowing (4- to 5-Hz theta range) with bilateral periodic triphasic waves of 1- to 2-Hz frequency, similar to the EEG changes seen in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. She was started on lorazepam. Her sensorium improved gradually, which correlated with the decline in blood lithium levels. A normal background alpha rhythm on EEG was ensured prior to discharge. At discharge, clinically, she had recovered completely, with no apparent neurological deficit or cognitive impairment. This case highlights the importance of therapeutic drug-level monitoring of lithium, especially where toxicity is suspected, and the important role electroencephalography plays in diagnosing NCSE and its management. ']}
{'id': 552, 'question': "A 4-year-old girl presenting with a high fever of 6 days' evolution. On clinical examination she presents an erythematous maculopapular rash on the trunk and genital area, with a tendency to confluence, without becoming scarlatiniform; conjunctival injection without secretions and red lips with raspberry tongue. She also presents erythema with edema in hands and feet and a unilateral cervical adenopathy of 2 cm in diameter. The most likely clinical diagnosis of suspicion is:", 'options': {'1': 'Kawasaki disease.', '2': 'Measles.', '3': 'Rubella.', '4': 'Scarlet fever.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Rituximab (RTX) is an effective treatment for refractory nephrotic syndrome (NS), but may produce human anti-chimeric antibodies (HACA) which can cause severe infusion reaction or rituximab-induced serum sickness (RISS). RISS presents with a fever, rash, and arthralgia, which typically occurs 7-21\xa0days after RTX infusion. On the other hand, Kawasaki disease (KD) also presents with fever and rash. There have been no reports of KD developed after RTX infusion. A 6-year-old girl with frequently relapsing NS was admitted to our hospital for fever and rash on day 7 after receiving RTX. Although it was suggestive of RISS at first, she also had conjunctival hyperemia, swelling, and erythema of the hands and feet, and a right coronary artery abnormality on echocardiography. Her symptoms met the diagnostic criteria of KD. We administered intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) (2\xa0g/kg), and her symptoms resolved within a few days. The HACA titer determined using the serum collected at admission was very high. This is the first report of KD with a clinical course similar to RISS. It should be noted that a careful follow-up of coronary arteries should be performed in patients suspected of RISS.', "We report the first known case of chronic relapsing thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura associated with adult-onset Still's disease. The patient presented with diffuse arthralgias, sore throat, and a maculopapular rash involving the trunk and extremities; she was hospitalized with fever and confusion. Thrombocytopenia, renal failure, and microangiopathic hemolytic anemia developed within several days. After a diagnosis of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura was made, she responded well to a series of plasma exchanges. Evaluation for infection, autoimmune disorders, and malignancy was negative. She was discharged to home in good condition, with normal renal function and normal platelet count. Two more episodes of TTP developed 7 and 9 months after the first hospitalization. The diagnosis of adult-onset Still's disease was then determined on the basis of clinical and laboratory criteria. She was successfully treated with plasma exchange, prednisone, and azathioprine. She later had splenectomy and has subsequently been without recurrence of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura for 2 years.", 'Orf is a disease of sheep due to a parapoxvirus. Transmission in man is possible, and is generally benign, self-limited condition. Although, rare complications have been mentioned. We report a case of Orf with erythema multiforme in a young girl. A 13-year-old girl presented to our department with an erythema multiform. The cutaneous examination revealed painless erythematous nodule of her right index finger developed 15 days after a contact with a lamb. The diagnosis of Orf complicated by erythema multiforme was made on the basis of her typical history. Lesions heal with symptomatic therapy in 15 days. Orf presents in sheeps as a pustular dermatitis or a vesicular oral mucosal lesions, and in man as a single lesion on the site of infection. This lesion generally heals without complications, although secondary infection is not uncommon. Twenty one cases of erythema multiforme have been recorded following infection with the Orf virus. In typical cases, the diagnosis is established by a history of contact with infected animals and the appearance of the lesion. Electron microscopic examination can be helpful sometimes. Lesions regress in 4 to 5 weeks without specific treatment.', 'A term infant girl with uneventful antenatal history had an erythematous rash followed by fever from day 8. She was diagnosed with late-onset sepsis and was treated accordingly. She received immunoglobulin for persistent thrombocytopenia, after which there was transient improvement. The patient was transferred to our hospital on day 25 after recurrence of fever, watery diarrhea, and a generalized maculopapular rash. On admission, she had tachycardia, tachypnoea, anemia, thrombocytopenia, hypoalbuminemia, and generalized edema. Reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction results for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was positive. Within 12 hours of admission, she developed cardiogenic shock with pulmonary edema and needed invasive ventilation. Echocardiography revealed ejection fraction of 40% with mild pericardial effusion. N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide was 33000 g/L, D-dimer 16500 µg/L, and ferritin 16000 ng/mL. Methylprednisolone, immunoglobulin, and enoxaparin was started, with a diagnosis of multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children, associated with COVID-19. She developed seizures, pulmonary hemorrhage, and cardiac arrest the following day, along with acute kidney injury. She was extubated after 5 days. Steroid was stopped after 5 days because she developed hypertension and echocardiography had normalized. Five days after extubation, she again developed respiratory distress and was ventilated again for 2 days. Echocardiography revealed moderate left ventricular dysfunction, along with secondary elevation of ferritin. Methylprednisolone was restarted and continued for 5 days followed by tapering dose of oral prednisolone, on which she was finally discharged. Although mild myocarditis with COVID-19 has been reported, multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children in a newborn with refractory myocarditis, along with gastrointestinal and renal manifestations, is a rare entity. Dermatologic manifestation of neonatal COVID-19 is also unique.', 'Guttate psoriasis is a variant of psoriasis characterized by small, 2- to 10-mm, raindroplike lesions on the skin. Guttate psoriasis is commonly triggered by group A streptococcal pharyngitis. We describe a novel case of guttate psoriasis following presumed coxsackievirus A hand-foot-and-mouth disease (HFMD). A 56-year-old woman presented with a vesicular erythematous rash on the hands, feet, and lips. The patient was clinically diagnosed with coxsackievirus A infection after presenting with a sore throat and a new-onset rash that lasted for 1 to 2 days. Physical examination revealed vesicles in the oral cavity and erythematous vesicles and papules on the extensor surfaces of the hands and feet. One month later, the patient returned citing new red skin lesions on the abdomen and groin. A clinical diagnosis of guttate psoriasis was made, which was confirmed via biopsy of an abdominal skin lesion. The patient denied any history of psoriasis.']}
{'id': 598, 'question': 'A 67-year-old man presents with 3 months of asthenia and febrile fever, with nasal obstruction and mucus emission with some clots in the last month. In the last few days she noticed pain in the right eye and asymmetry with respect to the contralateral eye. Physical examination reveals proptosis of the right eyeball and inspection of the nostrils reveals an erythematous mucosa with serohematic crusts. The rest of the examination was normal. Blood tests (hemogram, renal and hepatic function) are normal, except for an ESR of 65 mm/h; urinalysis shows microhematuria and proteinuria of 520 mg/24h. What is the most probable initial diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis.', '2': 'Microscopic polyangiitis.', '3': 'Granulomatosis with polyangiitis.', '4': 'Polyarteritis nodosa.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["A 17-year-old girl with a few years' history of declining vision, photophobia, and dry eye symptoms was referred to our clinic. She noted that the vision in the right eye declined significantly over the past several months. On her last year examination, her uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVA) was recorded as 20/25 in both eyes with a corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) of 20/20 in both eyes with minimal refractive error, with a diagnosis of bilateral Salzmann nodular degeneration. The patient was given artificial tears and was encouraged to wear sunglasses. On examination now, UDVA was 20/70 in the right eye and 20/40 in the left eye. The manifest refraction was -2.00 + 1.25 × 96 in the right eye and -1.00 + 2.00× 34 in the left eye, with a CDVA of 20/50 and 20/30, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed superficial reticular stromal scar with clear intervening spaces involving the anterior 75 μm of the stromal cornea in the central 6.0 mm optical zone (Figure 1).JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure1/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiffJOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure2/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiff The rest of the anterior and posterior segment examination was completely normal and noncontributory. Anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) revealed subepithelial lesion involving the central aspect of the cornea in the right eye more than that in the left eye (Figure 2). Family history was significant for an older sister with a similar problem who never required medical attention. She also has mild photophobia and dry eye symptoms. What is your differential diagnosis? What diagnostic test will help you in your diagnosis and clinical decision-making? What is the most likely diagnosis in this case? Do you recommend medical and/or surgical intervention in the right eye, realizing that there has been exacerbation of her ocular condition in the most recent year? What is the long-term prognosis and future plan for a patient with this potential condition?", "A 72-year-old woman with moderate primary open-angle glaucoma was referred for management of her glaucoma and photophobia. Her ocular history is significant for routine cataract surgery in both eyes 6 years prior to presentation. She was diagnosed with glaucoma 7 months prior to presentation at which time the patient underwent sequential, ab externo, open conjunctival, Xen Gel Stent (Allergan, Inc.) placement with mitomycin-C (MMC) in each eye, approximately 2 weeks apart. The history obtained directly from the surgeon revealed that MMC dosing was 0.2 mL in a concentration of 0.2 mg/mL delivered through subconjunctival injection after placement of the gel stent. Intracameral moxifloxacin was injected at the time of surgery, and moxifloxacin and Maxitrol eyedrops were used in the postoperative period. The patient noted that, approximately 1 month after each surgery, she developed significant photophobia. An outside examination noted bilateral tonic pupils and concern for early bleb failure in the left eye. 2 months after the initial gel stent placement in the left eye, she underwent a bleb revision with a McCannel suture iris cerclage in the left eye. The intraocular pressure (IOP) in both eyes remained well controlled off pressure-lowering medications; however, the tonic pupils and photophobia persisted. The patient was subsequently referred for further assessment. At presentation, the patient's corrected distance visual acuity was 20/20 in each eye. Applanation tonometry IOP was 17 mm Hg and 14 mm Hg for the right and left eyes, respectively. Pupils were tonic and irregular. The lack of pupillary response prevented testing for relative afferent pupillary defects directly or by reverse testing. Slitlamp examination of the right eye was notable for a minimally elevated superior bleb and severe iris stromal atrophy with diffuse transillumination defects. The intraocular lens (IOL) appeared well positioned in the capsular bag without signs of pseudophacodonesis (Figure 1JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202201000-00021/figure1/v/2021-12-20T152346Z/r/image-tiff). The left eye was notable for a diffuse superior bleb and similar iris and IOL findings to the right eye, except for 2 McCannel iris sutures in the iris stroma (Figure 2JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202201000-00021/figure2/v/2021-12-20T152346Z/r/image-tiff). In both eyes, the anterior chambers were deep and quiet, and there were no corneal endothelial abnormalities. Fundus examinations of both the right and left eyes were notable for glaucomatous-appearing optic nerves and otherwise healthy macula, vessels, and periphery. Gonioscopy revealed open angles in each eye with fairly marked, densely layered pigment throughout the inferior angle and trabecular meshwork. The gel stents were positioned just anteriorly to the trabecular meshwork superiorly, well away from iris tissue. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) of the nerve fiber layer (NFL) showed moderate to severe thinning inferiorly and superiorly in the right eye, with mild to moderate thinning inferiorly in the left eye (Supplemental Figure 1, http://links.lww.com/JRS/A510). Ganglion cell analysis correlated with the NFL findings (Supplemental Figure 2, http://links.lww.com/JRS/A510). Humphrey visual field testing revealed a dense superior arcuate in the right eye and moderate inferior arcuate in the left eye (Supplemental Figures 3 and 4, http://links.lww.com/JRS/A510). OCT of the macula in both eyes was unremarkable. Finally, specular microscopy showed normal endothelial density and configuration of each eye (Supplemental Figure 5, http://links.lww.com/JRS/A510). What part of the patient's ocular history would you consider relevant to the development of tonic, atrophic pupils? What additional information would you want to know to help refine your differential diagnosis? What is your preferred surgical technique when implanting the Xen Gel Stent? Please include whether ab interno or ab externo and open or closed conjunctival approach to be used and mention antifibrosis dosing and method of administration. Finally, what would be your approach for managing this patient's severe photophobia, in the setting of her moderate open-angle glaucoma?", 'Low-dose oral contraceptives can still cause thromboembolic disorders with serious neurologic or ocular disabilities. A\xa022-year-old woman having used oral contraceptives for several months noticed sudden painless visual loss in her left eye. One tablet of her contraceptive contained ethinylestradiol (0.03\xa0mg) and chlormadinonacetate (2\xa0mg). Because of the lower left eye visual field defect, the patient could only read with her right eye. She presented complete left inferior hemianopia, indicating a hemicentral retinal artery obstruction. Visual acuity in both eyes was 20\xa0/\xa020. The left fundus revealed a distinct retinal edema in the area superior to the optic disc and macula due to vascular disturbances of the superior temporal superior and superior nasal retinal arteries. The right eye was normal. Fluorescein angiography revealed recanalized arteries in the superior retinal area with conspiciously early dye filling as a paradoxical sign. Doppler sonography of the neck and orbital arteries and transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) findings were inconspicious. However, blood examination revealed an elevated thrombin-antithrombin complex and reduced free protein S. Coagulopathy can be a side effect of oral contraceptives. Even nowadays, women taking contraceptives risk the danger of vascular occlusions especially if the women suffers from arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, have a coagulation anomaly, or if she is a chronic smoker. Before treatment with oral contraceptives commences, a thorough medical examination is necessary. If the family history reveals prominent cardiovascular risk factors, testing for thrombophilia is recommended. Even nowadays, patients should be warned of the risk of visual field defects as a potential side-effect associated with oral contraceptives.', 'The purpose of this study was to describe the EDI-OCT findings in an acute phase of sympathetic ophthalmia (SO). A 24-year-old gentleman was referred to clinic complaining of progressive blurry vision of his right eye within last 3 days. He had a history of repaired corneoscleral laceration in his left eye followed by lensectomy and anterior vitrectomy approximately 1 month before his recent right eye discomfort. Physical examination revealed a granulomatous uveitis with an exudative RD of the right eye consistent with SO. EDI-OCT was done at initial exam and repeated 1 and 15 months after therapy. EDI-OCT 1 month following therapy showed significant improvement in choroidal thickening and outer retinal cell layers. The choroidal thickness in the right sympathizing eye decreased from 617 to 568 μm and in the left exciting eye from 539 to 521 μm. After 15 month follow-up, choroidal thickness that is reported in EDI-OCT is 436 μm in the right and 382 μm in the left eye. SO should be added to the list of choroidopathies that cause an increase in choroidal thickness in acute phase of disorder with subsequent decrease after therapy, so help us in assessing and estimation of response to treatment.', "A 59-year-old man with mild to moderate pigmentary glaucoma was referred for management of hypotony-related maculopathy 3 years after combined phacoemulsification and trabeculectomy in his right eye. His ocular history is significant for retinal detachment in the right eye that was surgically treated with a pars plana vitrectomy and scleral buckle 5 years prior to the current presentation and 1 year prior to his combined phacoemulsification-trabeculectomy procedure. After trabeculectomy, he reportedly had a wound leak with hypotony and choroidal effusion. The patient was referred to a second surgeon who performed a bleb revision with a pericardial patch graft, but the patient had a severe intraocular pressure (IOP) spike in the immediate postoperative period requiring suture removal. This resulted in recurrent hypotony with maculopathy. A second bleb revision with pericardial patch graft was performed but was not successful in raising the IOP out of the single digits or in resolving the maculopathy. Accordingly, the patient was referred for further assessment. At presentation, the patient's corrected distance visual acuity was 20/100 in the right eye and 20/20 in the left eye. Applanation tonometry IOP was 4 mm Hg and 16 mm Hg for the right and left eyes, respectively. Central corneal thickness was 609 μm in the right eye and 574 μm in the left eye. The right pupil was noted to be slightly irregular with a relative afferent pupillary defect. Slitlamp examination of the right eye was notable for a moderately elevated, Seidel test-negative bleb, and deep anterior chamber. The left eye had a Krukenberg spindle and mild nuclear sclerotic cataract but was otherwise unremarkable. Fundus examination of the right eye was notable for significant macular folds with edematous nerve fiber layer (NFL) and optic nerve. The left optic nerve and fundus examination were unremarkable. Gonioscopy revealed open angles with dense trabecular meshwork pigment in both eyes. There was a nicely patent superior sclerostomy in the right eye. There was no cyclodialysis cleft. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) of the macula showed chorioretinal folds and NFL edema in the right eye and was normal in the left eye (Figure 1JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202101000-00022/figure1/v/2021-01-04T143903Z/r/image-tiff). The OCT of the optic nerve in the right eye was distorted secondary to the chorioretinal folds, whereas the left eye was notable for mild superior thinning of the NFL (Figure 2JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202101000-00022/figure2/v/2021-01-04T143903Z/r/image-tiff). Humphrey visual field revealed a superior nasal step in the right eye (Figure 3JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202101000-00022/figure3/v/2021-01-04T143903Z/r/image-tiff). Axial lengths were 25.33 mm and 26.53 mm in the right and left eye, respectively; it is notable that the right eye had a shorter axial length despite the scleral buckle, which demonstrates the degree of axial shortening from hypotony (Figure 4JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202101000-00022/figure4/v/2021-01-04T143903Z/r/image-tiff). What would be your approach for managing this patient's hypotony? Does the fact that the referring surgeon had performed 2 failed bleb revision procedures prior to referral influence your approach? Given that a previous attempt at revision resulted in an extreme IOP spike would you also recommend a glaucoma procedure? If so, what procedure would you perform? Would you do it coincident with the revision or in a staged procedure later on an as-needed basis?"]}
{'id': 133, 'question': '75-year-old woman diagnosed 3 years ago with soft drusen in the fundus. She reports presenting, since 2 weeks ago, metamorphopsia and significant visual loss in her right eye that prevents her from reading. Indicate the most probable diagnosis:', 'options': {'1': 'Macular epiretinal membrane.', '2': 'Macular hole.', '3': 'Thrombosis of the central retinal vein.', '4': 'Senile macular degeneration.', '5': 'Central serous chorioretinopathy.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['To report our findings in a case of pellucid marginal corneal degeneration (PMCD) in the left eye and keratoconus (KC) in the right eye, and to review earlier cases of PMCD and KC. A 45-year-old woman visited our hospital with a complaint of reduced vision in her right eye. She was predisposed to allergies since childhood and had a habit of rubbing her eyes. Based on the results of the corneal topographic study, we diagnosed her with KC in the right eye and PMCD in the left eye. We prescribed a rigid, gas permeable contact lens and treated her allergic conjunctivitis with ocular medications. Three years after her initial visit, she developed a corneal perforation in the left eye. The perforation was closed by conservative treatment consisting of therapeutic soft contact lens wear. One year after the cornea healed, the corneal astigmatism in the left eye was about one-half of what it was before the corneal perforation. Her corrected visual acuity improved to 1.0 with conventional spectacles. We found a difference in the progression of KC and PMCD even when they occurred in same individual. We suggest that the atopic predisposition, which is considered a risk factor for acute hydrops in KC, to be a risk factor for acute hydrops and corneal perforation in eyes with PMCD.', 'To report a case of choroidal neovascularisation and leakage in a myopic female predicted to be a choroideraemia carrier treated with intravitreal anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-VEGF). Case report. A female magazine editor presented with sudden decrease in vision in her right eye, with Snellen visual acuities (VAs) of 1/60 and 3/60 in the right and left eyes respectively. She was diagnosed with choroidal neovascularisation (CNV) formation and subretinal haemorrhage in her right eye. This is on a background of previous presentations, the first of which was 20\u2009years ago for declining left eye vision. She was subsequently found to be a predicted choroideraemia carrier. However, she also has high myopia, and it is unclear whether the predicted choroideraemia carrier status or high myopia is the main underlying cause of her CNV, although we believe that the former is more likely. The first episode of CNV in her right eye was treated successfully with intravitreal anti-VEGF. However, she experienced four further CNV reactivations in her right eye, all of which were treated successfully with anti-VEGF. At her last follow-up visit to date, Snellen VAs were 6/9 and 3/60 in her right and left eye respectively. This is a unique case of CNV formation in a predicted choroideraemia carrier who also has co-existent high myopia. Prompt treatment of CNV activity with anti-VEGF has been efficacious in prevention of subretinal fibrosis and irreversible vision loss and allowed the patient to continue working in her chosen career.', 'A 43-year-old woman presented with impaired vision and redness in her left eye of 2 weeks duration. She had a pet cat that scratched her forehead 3 weeks before she presented to us. She had no systemic signs such as lymphadenopathy, fever, or fatigue. The respective right and left corrected visual acuities were 20/16 and 20/2000. The anterior chamber of the left eye exhibited inflammation; a fundus examination of that eye revealed optic disc swelling and a serous macular detachment with hard stellate exudates. Based on the recent cat scratch and the ocular findings, cat scratch disease (CSD) was suspected. The results of serologic testing showed elevated titres of IgM and IgG antibodies to <iBartonella henselae</i. Administration of doxycycline and a steroid was initiated. This report describes the occurrence of multiple ocular manifestations of CSD in both the posterior and the anterior segment.', '<bObjective:</b To report a case of choroidal mass secondary to mucinous cystadenocarcinoma of ovary in a young woman. <bMethod:</b A case report. <bResult:</b A 21-year-old woman presented with insidious painless, progressive, central scotoma of the right eye for 5 weeks. She was disease free for 9 years after she underwent right salpingo-oophorectomy for her mucinous cystadenocarcinoma of right ovary. She completed 6 cycles of chemotherapy regimen. On presentation, her visual acuity was counting finger in the right eye and 6/ 6 in the left eye. Both anterior segments were unremarkable. Fundus examination of the right eye showed multiple choroidal masses with the largest in the temporal to fovea. Generally, she was well. Her tumor markers were raised. Urgent Computed Tomography (CT) Scan of thorax, abdomen and pelvis showed multiple distance metastases. She was referred to the gynecology team. She was scheduled for chemotherapy. However, she defaulted the treatment. 3 months after that, her general condition deteriorated. She developed bilateral internal jugular vein thrombosis and massive right pleural effusion. She passed away due to that complication. <bConclusion:</b Choroidal metastasis from primary ovary carcinoma is very rare. Ocular symptoms can be the first presenting features to a life-threatening condition.', 'A 56-year-old Korean woman presented with decreased visual acuity of the right eye. She had a history of two photodynamic therapy treatments for choroidal neovascularization (CNV) due to angioid streaks in her left eye with central scarring and low visual acuity. She was diagnosed with subfoveal CNV due to angioid streaks in her right eye and treated with six intravitreal bevacizumab (1.25 mg / 0.05 mL) injections over one year. Best corrected visual acuity improved from 20 / 125 at baseline to 20 / 50 at the final visit. The area of CNV had changed into a fibrotic scar by the final visit, and fluorescein angiography and indocyanine green angiography revealed no evidence of leakage. Optical coherence tomography showed that central macular thickness decreased from 311 µm at baseline to 203 µm with complete resolution of subretinal and intraretinal fluid at the final visit. Intravitreal bevacizumab for CNV associated with angioid streaks prevented the progression of disease and resulted in the improvement of visual acuity after one year of follow-up in our patient.']}
{'id': 186, 'question': 'A 56-year-old female patient consulted for dorso-lumbar spine pain and progressive difficulty in performing usual tasks. In the last 5 years she gained weight, she has ecchymosis easily and arterial hypertension was detected. Physical examination: Obesity of central predominance, rounded facies, increased supraclavicular fat, decreased proximal muscle strength and some reddish striae in the abdomen. She has a blood glucose of 136 mg/dL and the radiological study showed osteoporosis and vertebral crushing. What do you think is the most coherent interpretation and attitude?', 'options': {'1': 'Postmenopausal osteoporosis, type 2 diabetes mellitus and essential hypertension, with decreased strength due to diabetic polyneuropathy.', '2': "It is necessary to rule out Cushing's disease by dexamethasone suppression test and perform a cranial CT scan.", '3': "Suggest Cushing's. Determine urinary free cortisol and basal ACTH, which serves to orient its etiology and select the most appropriate imaging technique.", '4': "It looks like Cushing's. If basal ACTH is high, it may be due to corticosteroid use or an adrenal tumor, and an MRI should be performed.", '5': "Probably has Cushing's. If the basal ACTH is low, he probably has a pituitary micro-adenoma, and a cranial CT scan should be performed."}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Hypophosphatemic rickets is associated with delayed walking, bone deformities, growth failure and physical dysfunction that can limit daily activities. Treatment consists of phosphate salts and calcitriol. We report a case that received denosumab with marked improvement in her condition. A 24-year-old Yemeni female with hypophosphatemic rickets presented to an endocrinologist with severe weakness and severe pain in the extremities, she had been bedridden for the last 4 years. Bone density showed severe osteoporosis (T score of hip was -\u20095.0 and Z score of hip was -\u20095.0, T score of the spine was -\u20096.0 and Z score of the spine was -\u20096.1) so the patient was started on denosumab in addition to calcitriol and after 7months she was feeling stronger and felt she could stand assisted and was walking with assistance within 9 months and after 1.5 years of treatment she was walking unassisted. Denosumab is an effective treatment for osteoporosis, we used it in our patient in addition to calcitriol because she had severe osteoporosis due to long standing hypophosphatemic rickets that had not been treated properly, the patient improved markedly and regained the ability to walk again after being bedridden for 4 years. It may be a drug to consider in such cases although further studies need to be done to confirm this.', 'Idiopathic Juvenile Osteoporosis is an uncommon condition that has few case reports in the literature. Reported series indicate that it is a condition classically accompanying vertebral and metaphyseal fractures during the immediate pre-puberty years but that seems to develop naturally during puberty. Current clinical treatment is complicated because of lack of understanding on the origins of Idiopathic Juvenile Osteoporosis. The 13-year-old female patient with no former complaints had pain in her left hip while walking 2 years ago. Excluding the secondary osteoporosis reasons, the patient was diagnosed with Idiopathic Juvenile Osteoporosis and after the medical treatment she was followed-up. The patient was subjected to a rehabilitation program for muscle weakness. She had difficulty in walking as a result of prolonged immobilization. At the end of a two-year treatment, significant improvement was achieved in muscle strength in the extremities, walking distance, and posture. With this report, we would like to raise awareness about a possible association of persistent fractures with this rare metabolic disorder, Idiopathic Juvenile Osteoporosis, which should be included in differential diagnosis of patients with persistent appendicular skeleton fractures.', 'A full-term female newborn was transferred to our neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) on day two of life for hypotonia. Physical examination was significant for overriding sutures, displaced small anterior fontanelle, axial hypotonia, extremity hypertonia, and slow deep tendon reflexes. She was also noted to have stridor with crying but had unlabored breathing without oxygen requirements and a normal heart examination. A brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed a large cisterna magna and cerebellar hypoplasia with the majority of the cerebellar vermis present, suggesting a possible Dandy-Walker variant (cerebellar vermis hypoplasia). Head computed tomography showed areas of close approximation of coronal sutures and no synostosis. During the NICU stay, our patient was evaluated by Pediatric Neurology who recommended a chromosomal microarray which returned normal. The patient also had some difficulty feeding initially, but she was able to feed efficiently and gain weight by the time of discharge. After discharge from NICU, her neurological status steadily declined, resulting in poor motor function and poor suck despite regular physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech therapy. By three months of age, she developed failure to thrive and was admitted to the hospital for evaluation of the cause. Her neurological examination showed worsening of her axial hypotonia with very little movement in the upper extremities and hypertonia in the lower extremities. She had a weak suck with the inability to form a good seal on the nipple. A new heart murmur was noted and an echocardiogram showed a moderate-to-large atrial septal defect. A modified barium swallow study showed severe dysphagia for which she required gastrostomy tube placement for feeding. At follow-up with Neurology, she was noted to have progressive microcephaly, profound hypotonia, areflexia, and nystagmus. A second MRI showed worsening atrophy and increasing ventriculomegaly. By nine months of age, she developed respiratory failure, required a tracheostomy, and remained ventilator-dependent. Genetics was then consulted and recommended a brain malformation genetic panel. The patient was found to be heterozygous for two pathogenic variants in the <iEXOSC3</i gene: c.155delC and D132A, which is consistent with a diagnosis of autosomal recessive pontocerebellar hypoplasia (PCH) type 1B. The mother was found to be a heterozygous carrier of the c.155delC pathogenic variant, while the father was a heterozygous carrier for the D132A variant, which confirms that the two variants are present on opposite alleles. PCH\xa0describes a rare group of 11 neurodegenerative disorders that are typically seen prenatally or shortly after birth. PCH1 is characterized as a combination of PCH and spinal muscular atrophy, with patients presenting with muscle weakness and global developmental delay. An increased understanding of PCH1 will lead to better care and counseling for patients and families.', 'An 8 year-old female infant with the clinical and pathological characteristics of both progressive muscular dystrophy and mitochondrial myopathy was described. Her maternal cousin had clinical and pathological findings of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). Since the patient had markedly elevated serum CK and calf muscle hypertrophy, her muscle was biopsied and she was diagnosed as having female DMD at the age of 5 years. She had generalized tonic-clonic convulsions and alternate hemiconvulsions for recent 4 years which brought her our hospital. On admission, she had mild generalized muscle atrophy and weakness predominantly in the proximal limbs. The lactate and pyruvate levels in both serum and cerebrospinal fluid were elevated, but with no metabolic acidosis. Serum CK was elevated to 4464 IU/L. Brain CT and MRI showed the expanding arachnoid cyst in the left middle fossa of cranium. In the biopsied left biceps crachii muscle, in addition to numerous ragged-red fibers, there were active muscular fiber necrosis and regeneration and interstitial fibrosis similar to those seen in progressive muscular dystrophy. Biochemically, no decrease or defect in the respiratory chain enzymes was detected. On electron microscopy, a large number of fibers contained aggregates of giant mitochondria with proliferated complicated cristae. Scattered throughout were necrotic muscle fibers filled with phagocytes and regenerating fibers. This patient had the diagnostic features of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy and progressive muscular dystrophy. We supposed that the patient provided very interesting evidences to study the relationship between mitochondrial myopathy and progressive muscular dystrophy.', "Myositis ossificans (MO) is a condition where calcification occurs in the soft tissue as well as around the bone following fracture, vigorous exercise or trauma. Although it is a radiological diagnosis, it often leads physician to an incorrect or missed diagnosis as recurrent fracture. Frequently, it follows haemorrhage into the muscle in the tissue space. We report a 45 years old house-wife presented with the complaints of weakness of right side of body and pain with restricted range of motion (ROM) in right lower limb. She was a diagnosed case of recurrent stroke with rheumatic valvular heart disease. After discharge, vigorous physical exercise was done at home by local physiotherapist without appropriate guidance from physiatrist. Gradually pain was so severe that she didn't allow moving her right lower limb. Over the course of time, she became incapacite and bed bound. She denied any positive family history. With the hip and lower limb problems she consulted with orthopedic surgeon and was referred to Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation department of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University (BSMMU), Dhaka, Bangladesh for further management &amp; rehabilitation. This case is presented to focus on hazard of being unguided, over-exercised and non-surgical management approach of this rare condition."]}
{'id': 7, 'question': 'During a colonoscopy, a 5-cm tumor located in the right colon is detected in a 48-year-old man. No other lesions were found. His maternal grandmother also suffered from colon cancer. The biopsies are superficial and show a poorly differentiated tumor with abundant inflammatory cells in the stroma that is diagnosed as a medullary type carcinoma.', 'options': {'1': 'Chemotherapy is the treatment of choice.', '2': 'Since the biopsy is superficial, it should be repeated before proceeding with treatment.', '3': 'The prognosis of the tumor depends mainly on its high degree of anaplasia.', '4': 'It is unlikely that this tumor has developed over a previous adenoma.', '5': 'Microsatellite instability and DNA error repair genes should be studied.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['Primary adenocarcinoma is a rare type of urological neoplasm. The present study reports the case of a 55-year-old man with multifocal adenocarcinoma of the renal pelvis, ureter and urinary bladder that occurred in association with a large cystic calculus and perinephric abscess. The patient had suffered from gross hematuria for 2 years and right flank pain for 2 months. Following a series of investigations, a large cystic calculus with multiple tumors in the renal pelvis and ureter was identified. Multifocal tumors and a large calculus were located in the bladder using a cystoscope. The pathological report of 3 individual biopsies revealed a moderately differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma. Right nephrectomy, ureterectomy, radical cystectomy and left ureterocutaneostomy were performed. The pathological investigation revealed a moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of the renal pelvis, ureter and urinary bladder. No additional treatment was administered and the patient remains alive at follow-up without disease recurrence or metastasis. Although uncommon, the development of a tumor is possible in patients that possess long-standing urolithiasis, particularly when accompanied by hydronephrosis or infection.', 'Liposarcoma is a malignant mesenchymal tumor frequently located in the retroperitoneum and rarely presents as an isolated lesion in the colon. To our knowledge, only three cases of primary colon liposarcoma have been reported in the world literature to date. In this article, we report a case of liposarcoma of the colon in a 46-year-old man. The patient presented with abdominal pain and a palpable mass. Abdominal ultrasonography and computed tomogram confirmed the presence of a large intra-abdominal fatty tissue mass, but the colon origin of the tumor was revealed only on laparotomy. During surgery, a voluminous (12 cm x 11 cm x 10 cm) lesion situated in the subserosa of the ascending colon was found, and a right hemicolectomy with radical lymph node dissection was performed. The pathological diagnosis of the resected tumor revealed primary colon liposarcoma (myxoid subtype). The postoperative course was uneventful, and the patient remained free of disease for 12 months. No adjuvant therapy was performed. Diagnostic and therapeutic problems related to this type of neoplasm as well as literature reviews are reported. Curative R0 resection remains the main treatment for primary and recurrent liposarcomas.', 'Ascertaining the origin of large tumors located in the region of the pancreas head and adjacent mesocolon can pose a challenge preoperatively. En bloc pancreatoduodenectomy with hemicolectomy is often required towards curative tumor resection (R0) of malignant tumors in this region. Herein we report a case of a 48-year-old man with two contiguous masses each 5\xa0cm in size, located in the pancreatic head. The masses were detected incidentally by abdominal ultrasonography at an annual health check. Endoscopic biopsies revealed inflammation with no malignancy. Cross-sectional imaging showed the tumor direct invasion of the uncinate process of the pancreas, and the third portion of the duodenum. Based on imaging, a malignant submucosal tumor originating from mesenchymal cells in the mesentery of the transverse colon was made preoperatively. The mass required en bloc pancreatoduodenectomy, right hemicolectomy, and resection of the superior mesenteric vein. The final pathology was carcinosarcoma of the transverse colon. The patient survived 18\xa0years after surgery without recurrence. Malignant tumors located in the region of the pancreas head should be considered for an en bloc curative tumor resection and adjuvant chemotherapy treatments offered that might be beneficial for carcinosarcoma.', 'Plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDCs) play a key role in the induction and maintenance of antitumor immunity. Conversely, they can act as tolerogenic DCs by inhibiting tumor-directed immune responses. Therefore, pDCs may profoundly influence tumor progression. To gain novel insights into the role of pDCs in colon cancer, we investigated the frequency and clinical relevance of pDCs in primary tumor tissues from patients with colon cancer with different clinicopathological characteristics. Immunohistochemical stainings were performed to explore the frequency of tumor-infiltrating BDCA-2<sup+</sup pDCs in patients with colon cancer. Statistical analyses were conducted to determine an association between the pDC density and clinicopathological characteristics of the patients. Furthermore, we used multiplex immunofluorescence stainings to evaluate the localization and phenotype of pDCs in stroma and tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS) of colon cancer tissues. An increased density of infiltrating pDCs was associated with lower Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) stages. Furthermore, a higher pDC frequency was significantly correlated with increased progression-free and overall survival of patients with colon cancer. Moreover, a lower number of coloncancer-infiltrating pDCs was significantly and independently linked to worse prognosis. In addition, we found that a proportion of pDCs shows a nuclear expression of the transcription factor interferon regulatory factor 7 (IRF7), which is characteristic for an activated phenotype. In various tumor stroma regions, IRF7<sup+</sup pDCs were located in the neighborhood of granzyme B-expressing CD8<sup+</sup T cells. Moreover, pDCs were identified as a novel component of the T cell zone of colon cancer-associated TLS, which are major regulators of adaptive antitumor immunity. A proportion of TLS-associated pDCs displayed a nuclear IRF7 expression and was preferentially located close to CD4<sup+</sup T cells. These results indicate that higher densities of tumor-infiltrating pDCs are associated with prolonged survival of patients with colon cancer. Moreover, colon cancer-infiltrating pDCs may represent a novel prognostic factor. The colocalization of activated pDCs and T cells in tumor stroma and within TLS may contribute to the correlation between higher pDC densities and better prognosis. In addition, our findings may have implications for the design of novel immunotherapeutic strategies that are based on targeting colon cancer-infiltrating pDCs.', 'Malignant tumors with rhabdoid features are extremely rare. They can occur in various organs, including the gastrointestinal tract, with common clinical features of high malignancy and poor prognosis. A 41-year-old man visited our hospital complaining of lower abdominal pain and fever. Computed tomography (CT) revealed two wall-thickening lesions in the rectum and sigmoid colon, with the latter invading the small intestine and abdominal wall. Lymph nodes were swollen in the sigmoid mesocolon and at the roots of the inferior mesenteric artery. Colonoscopy revealed a circular type 3 lesion in the sigmoid colon and a semicircular type 2 lesion in the rectum. Biopsies of the sigmoid colon and rectum lesions revealed poorly and moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma cells, respectively. The sigmoid colon, rectum, invaded small intestine, and abdominal wall were resected; lymph node dissection was also performed. Histopathological finding of the sigmoid colon lesion revealed that the tumor cells had poor connectivity with each other, and each cell had eosinophilic cytoplasm and a polymorphic nucleus. These characteristics are termed rhabdoid features, because the morphology of these cells is similar to that of rhabdomyosarcoma tumor cells. Immunohistochemical examination showed that the tumor cells were positive for both epithelial (cytokeratin AE1/AE3) and mesenchymal cell markers (vimentin); however, they were negative for integrase interactor 1 (INI1). Therefore, the sigmoid colorectal cancer was diagnosed as an INI1-negative undifferentiated carcinoma with rhabdoid features. The patient continued to experience high fever after surgery; thus, we performed an abdominal CT scan that revealed cystic lesions in the liver 4 days after surgery. These were absent in the positron emission tomography (PET)-CT scan performed 14\xa0days before surgery. These tumors grew rapidly, and fine needle aspiration cytology revealed that they were undifferentiated carcinomas compatible with metastatic lesions from the undifferentiated carcinoma with rhabdoid features from the sigmoid colon. Chemotherapy was administered but was not effective. The patient died 60\xa0days after surgery. INI1-negative colorectal undifferentiated carcinomas with rhabdoid features are extremely rare, have high histological malignancy, and a poor prognosis. Chemotherapy is not effective. Effective systemic therapy is desired.']}
{'id': 152, 'question': 'A hyperuricemic patient who usually takes 100 mg of allopurinol daily comes to the ED with acute pain and inflammatory signs in the right knee. Arthrocentesis is performed and polarized light microscopy shows intracellular crystals with negative birefringence. Which of the following therapeutic approaches is the most appropriate in this case?', 'options': {'1': 'Discontinue allopurinol and start colchicine treatment.', '2': 'Discontinue allopurinol and start NSAIDs.', '3': 'Add an NSAID until the crisis remits.', '4': 'Increase the dose of allopurinol to 300 mg/day.', '5': 'Substitute allopurinol for uricosuric acid.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['The relationship between reactive arthritis and enteric infections caused by <iYersinia enterocolitica, Campylobacter jejuni</i, and <iSalmonella typhimurium</i is well documented. <iClostridium difficile</i colitis is a less recognized cause of reactive arthritis. We present a case of a 58-year-old woman with <iClostridium difficile</i colitis complicated by reactive arthritis. A 58-year-old woman with no significant past medical history presented to our hospital with complaints of nonbloody watery diarrhea, abdominal pain for the past 1 week, and right knee pain starting 1 day prior. The patient had recently used antibiotics for a respiratory tract infection. On examination, the patient had a swollen and erythematous right knee. While in the hospital the patient also developed a similarly painful and swollen left knee. The patient was found to be positive for <iC difficile</i toxin in stool. Synovial fluid analysis of both the knee joints revealed a sterile and inflammatory fluid, negative for crystals and showing no growth on gram stain. We diagnosed the patient with reactive arthritis secondary to <iC difficile</i colitis once all other causes of the bilateral knee joint symptoms were ruled out with appropriate laboratory and imaging studies. Treatment with oral vancomycin and an anti-inflammatory was initiated, and the patient had complete resolution of symptoms. This case illustrates the importance of recognizing <iC difficile</i colitis as a potential differential for reactive arthritis under the appropriate circumstances. The treatment of reactive arthritis is mainly supportive and treating the underlying cause, which happens to be <iC difficile</i in this case.', 'Oxipurinol has been shown to be sufficiently absorbed after oral administration as a rapid release preparation of oxipurinol sodium. We compared the uric acid lowering affect of allopurinol and oxipurinol. In a multicenter, randomized, double blind crossover trial in 99 hyperuricemic patients with normal renal function we investigated the uric acid lowering effect of oxipurinol sodium (O) in daily amounts equimolar to 300 mg allopurinol (A). Mean pretreatment plasma uric acid concentrations in groups A/O and O/A were 8.3 +/- 1.4 and 8.7 + /- 1.4 mg/dl, respectively. In group A/O the mean plasma uric acid decreased to 5.4 +/- 1.2 mg/dl with allopurinol treatment, and increased slightly to 5.7 + /- 1.3 mg/dl during the consecutive oxipurinol period. In group O/A plasma uric acid declined to 6.0 +/- 1.4 mg/dl with oxipurinol and was 5.6 + /- 1.3 mg/dl at the end of the allopurinol period. The overall average reduction compared to baseline was 3.0 mg/dl with allopurinol and 2.6 mg/dl with oxipurinol. The difference between the 2 treatments was small but significant (multiple p=0.027,2 tailed). The corresponding mean plasma oxipurinol concentrations were 9.24 mu g/dl at the end of the allopurinol period and 9.9 mu g/dl after treatment with oxipurinol (NS). Oxipurinol is well absorbed and sufficiently effective in hyperuricemic patients when administered as a rapid release preparation of oxipurinol sodium. Oxipurinol sodium could be a substitute for allopurinol in hyperuricemic patients and possibly also with new uses for allopurinol.', 'Ovarian torsion is a well-known but poorly recognized disease. Although ovarian torsion is the most common complication of ovarian tumors in children, it is an uncommon cause of abdominal pain in pediatric patients. Ovaries can be only salvaged by prompt diagnosis and timely surgical intervention. Acute ovarian torsion without appropriate treatment may result in loss of ovarian function, tissue necrosis, and death. The objective of this article is to present a case of pediatric ovarian torsion and describe the difficulty of distinguishing it from perforated appendicitis in the emergency department (ED). We report a 5-year-old girl who presented to the ED with nausea, tenderness over the right lower guardant of her abdomen, fever, and anorexia. She was initially diagnosed with appendicitis based on physical examination and abdominal computed tomography scan and was sent to the operating room for surgical exploration. The definite diagnosis of the patient was acute ovarian torsion complicated with cystic teratoma. Primary clinicians in the ED should pay more attention to acute ovarian torsion in young children because it is difficult to diagnose in time to salvage the gynecological function when the clinical presentations masquerade as perforated appendicitis.', 'Gout, like diabetes mellitus, is a common metabolic disorder. Typically affecting the distal joint of the appendicular skeleton, its occurrence in the spine is rare. We report the case of a 68-year-old male with a long history of diabetes mellitus and hyperuricemic gout. Neck pain developed over two weeks with subsequent quadriparesis, with concomitant subcutaneous deposition of gouty tophi in the right elbow. Magnetic resonance image of the cervical spine revealed multiple segmental narrowing of the thecal sac at the C3-6 levels due to hypertrophic spurs and bulging discs. Anterior discectomies of C3-4 and C4-5 were performed, with a chalky-white, granular material noted in the C4-5 disc space. Histological examination of the surgical specimen revealed deposits of needle-like crystals surrounded by histiocytes and multinucleated giant cells, with the appearance compatible with gout. The patient was ambulatory with the assistance of a walking frame six months after the operation. We emphasize that gouty tophi can be deposited in the spine over a relatively short time, subsequently precipitating a variety of symptoms, from pain to cord compression. The regular administration of antihyperuricemia drug treatment for hyperuricemic gout is necessary to prevent this deposition. If neurological defects are found, surgical decompression can provide satisfactory results.', 'Every fifth person in Europe suffers from chronic pain (Breivik et al. 2006). This number shows the topicality of this subject. For a professional and individual care of patients with chronic pain, it is essential to record the pain with a suitable and validated assessment instrument. Review of the validity and reliability of the pain questionnaire "Brief Pain Inventory" (BPI), and the applicability of BPI on adults with chronic pain in the acute hospital. Which statements can be made regarding the validity and reliability of the assessment instrument "Brief Pain Inventory" which is used in acute hospitals to assess chronic pain in adults who are capable of providing information about themselves? A systematic literature research in the electronic databases Pubmed, Cochrane, Cinahl, Health Source, PsycInfo, Saphir and Web of Science. The original version and the slighty modified versions of the BPI show good to excellent validity and reliability. This instrument is adapted to measure malignant and nonmalignant chronic pain. It was used in pain and cancer clinics, in acute care hospitals, in family practices and in surveys. It is difficult to make a generally valid and scientifically based statement because different researchers have worked with different versions of the BPI, various groups of patients with different diagnoses and in diverse settings. The systematic literature review demonstrates the scientific part of evidence-based nursing, EBN. That means, from a scientific point of view, the BPI is suitable for detecting chronic pain in the acute hospital in adults who are capable of providing information about themselves. Further research about the different BPI modifications, the different types of pain, the use of the instrument in practice and a few quality criteria is recommended.']}
{'id': 243, 'question': 'A 20-year-old girl comes to the clinic with an acute fever, cervical lymphadenopathy and skin rash. According to the patient, 3 weeks ago she had a sexual relationship that could be a risk for contracting the HIV virus. Indicate which of the following answers is true:', 'options': {'1': 'A negative HIV-1/HIV-2 serology performed by ELISA technique rules out the possibility that the patient has been infected with the HIV virus.', '2': 'The clinical process that the patient suffers from is not consistent with acute HIV infection.', '3': "If the patient's ELISA test was positive, nothing further would be necessary for the diagnosis of HIV infection.", '4': 'The ELISA technique has a high sensitivity for the diagnosis of HIV infection, but its specificity is even higher.', '5': 'If the ELISA test to diagnose HIV in the patient was negative, we could determine by PCR technique the viral load in blood.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ["An 11-month-old baby girl came to the clinic with a pruritic rash. The rash initially appeared in her popliteal fossa 2 weeks before the visit. The eruption extended to the right leg, arm, and flank the week before the visit, subsequently spreading to the contralateral flank. Three weeks before to the eruption's appearance, the patient had an upper respiratory infection with a dry nonproductive cough, which resolved spontaneously without antibiotics. The physical examination revealed a healthy-appearing infant girl with excoriated erythematous papules coalescing into plaques on her right flexural arm that continued to the axilla and down the right flank to the flexural aspect of her leg (Figure 1). Her left side was essentially free of any rash (Figure 2). No cervical or axillary lymphadenopathy was noted, and the remainder of her exam was normal. What is your diagnosis? How would you manage this condition?", 'Rosai-Dorfman disease (RDD) is a rare disorder of an unknown etiology, characterized by a benign histiocytic proliferation in the lymph nodes, as well as the extranodal sites. Painless bilateral lymphadenopathy is the classic presentation of RDD in the majority of patients. The exteranodal disease involves the skin, soft tissues, bones, the genitourinary system, the lower respiratory tract, and the central nervous system. A seven-year-old boy was referred to our hospital with left parietal swelling, headache, fever, imbalance, weight loss, and speech and walking impairments. In early examinations, he showed a hyposignal infiltrative lesion in the lateral ventricle and the choroid plexus, expanding to the subcortical white matter of the bilateral temporo-occipital areas. After surgery and sampling, he was diagnosed with cerebral RDD. According to his history, he had bilateral cervical lymphadenopathy at the age of two years, femoral soft tissue involvement at the age of three, and a skin disorder that improved with local treatments at the age of five. However, at the time of referral to the hospital, there were no other symptoms in other areas, except for brain symptoms. In the differential diagnosis of brain lesions with specific borders in high-contrast radiological views, the probability of RDD should be considered, similar to meningioma. The presence of painless and extensive bilateral cervical lymphadenopathy can improve the diagnosis of this disease. Isolated brain involvement in RDD is very rare, and it can be seen in less than 5% of cases. Nevertheless, by early diagnosis and intervention, the risk of complications is reduced, and the prognosis is improved.', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus is a rare autoimmune disorder, with the prevalence in Asia ranging from 30 to 50/100,000. The diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus is made according to the 2019 European League Against Rheumatism/American College of Rheumatology classification criteria, and it does not contain lymphadenopathy as diagnostic criteria. However, lupus lymphadenopathy has an estimated prevalence of 5-7% at the onset of disease, and 12-15% at any stage of the disease. A 19-year-old Sinhalese girl had neck nodules since the age of 5\xa0years, which increased in size and became tender since 1\xa0year. She had alopecia and joint stiffness for 6\xa0months. She presented with a 5-day history of worsening joint pain, fever, and painful, enlarging cervical nodules. She had tender cervical lymphadenopathy, and a vasculitic rash on both lower limbs. She had pancytopenia, an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 92, positive antinuclear antibody titer, and high anti-double-stranded deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), with low C3 and C4 complements. She had a high reticulocyte count of 5%, with direct and indirect antiglobulin tests being positive, indicating autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Lymph node biopsy showed moderate reactive follicular hyperplasia, with scattered plasma cells and immunoblasts, with varying degree of coagulative necrosis, suggestive of lupus lymphadenopathy. On immunohistochemistry of the lymph node biopsy, Bcl2 was negative, excluding lymphoma. Contrast-enhanced computed tomography of abdomen and chest was normal with no hepatosplenomegaly or lymphadenopathy. Skin biopsy showed leukocytoclastic vasculitis. Later, with development of generalized edema, she was found to have impaired renal function, and renal biopsy showed lupus nephritis. She was started on hydroxychloroquine, prednisolone, and mycophenolate mofetil, and her symptoms improved and lymphadenopathy regressed. In the case of cervical lymphadenopathy in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus, the possibilities of lupus lymphadenopathy, Kikuchi-Fujimoto disease, and lymphoma should all be considered, after excluding secondary infection due to immunosuppression. Histology confirms the differentiation of these pathologies. It is important to differentiate the cause for lymphadenopathy in systemic lupus erythematosus as the outcome and treatment varies. Lupus lymphadenopathy is usually generalized, but isolated cervical lymphadenopathy could also rarely be the first presentation of systemic lupus erythematosus. Lupus lymphadenopathy can be the only presenting feature, and needs a high index in suspecting systemic lupus erythematosus, though it is not included in the diagnostic criteria.', 'Syphilis is often known as the "Great Imitator". The differential diagnosis of posterior uveitis is broad with ocular syphilis being particularly challenging to diagnose as it presents similarly to other ocular conditions such as acute retinal necrosis. A 34-year-old woman with multiple sexual partners over the past few years presented with painful and progressively worsening unilateral vision loss for 2 weeks. Several months prior, she had reported non-specific symptoms of headache and diffuse skin rash. Despite treatment with oral acyclovir for 3 weeks, her vision progressively declined, and she was referred to the university ophthalmology clinic for further evaluation. On examination, there was concern for acute retinal necrosis and she was empirically treated with parenteral acyclovir while awaiting further infectious disease study results. Workup ultimately revealed ocular syphilis, and neurosyphilis was additionally confirmed with cerebrospinal fluid studies. Treatment with intravenous penicillin was promptly initiated with complete visual recovery. Ocular syphilis varies widely in presentation and should be considered in all patients with posterior uveitis, especially with a history of headache and skin rashes. However, given that acute retinal necrosis is a more common cause of posterior uveitis and can rapidly result in permanent vision loss, it should be empirically treated whenever it is suspected while simultaneous workup is conducted to evaluate for alternative diagnoses.', "Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever (CCHF) is a zoonotic disease that can be presented with fever, fatigue, generalized joint/body pain, diarrhea and bleeding in various parts of the body. The risk of developing a severe fatal disease in humans, the possibility of being infected with aerosols and the risk of being used as a biological weapon make the disease still an important health problem all over the world as there is no a specific treatment and vaccine that has proven effective againt the virus today. The pathogenesis of the disease is not known, but vascular endothelial damage is prominent. Therefore, it progresses with thrombocytopenia, anemia, leukopenia and this hematological findings can be confused with hematological malignancies. Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a malignancy included in differential diagnoses and occurs as a result of mutations occuring at a stage of differentiation in the lymphoid precursor cells in the bone marrow. In this study, we present a case of ALL who was diagnosed with CCHF simultaneously. A 43-year old female patient who works in the library and does not have a chronic disease other than asthma and thyroid disorder, has admitted to our hospital with the complaints of intermittent fever, weakness, generalized joint and body pain for about 3 weeks. She had fever and the physical examination revealed bilateral cervical and right postauricular lymphadenopathies. Her aspartate aminotransferase: 77 U/L, alanine aminotransferase: 117 U/L, lactate dehydrogenase: 616 U/L, hemoglobin: 8.27 g/dl, leukocyte count: 15.690/mm3 , neutrophil count: 550/mm3 (%3.5), lymphocyte count: 6690/mm3 (%42.6), platelet count: 102.100/mm3 , C-reactive protein: 163.6 mg/L was detected and the patient was hospitalized on 5 August 2019 for further examination and treatment. Considering that the patient may have viral infection in the foreground the requested test results were detected as; anti-CMV IgM negative, anti-CMV IgG positive, anti-toxoplasma IgM negative, anti-toxoplasma IgG positive, anti-rubella IgM negative, anti-rubella IgG positive, HBsAg negative, anti-HBc IgM negative, antiHBs positive, anti-HAV IgM negative, anti-HAV IgG positive, anti-HCV negative, anti-HIV negative, EpsteinBarr virus (EBV) VCA IgM negative, EBV VCA IgG positive, EBV EBNA IgG positive. Brucella Rose Bengal and Coombs tube agglutination was found be negative. As the cytopenia of the patient deepened, the patient was accepted to have neutropenic fever and it was planned to start piperacillin-tazobactam 4 x 4.5 g/day and two units of erythrocyte replacement therapy. When the patient's history was questioned again, it was learned that she had a tick on her neck about three weeks ago and she had removed the tick herself; 4-5 days later she had the complaints of fever and flu like symptoms and also diarrhea complaints lasting for 3-4 days. Considering the current anamnesis and laboratory findings, the patient was thought to have CCHF and the patient was isolated. The serum sample taken from patient with an initial diagnosis of CCHF and sent to Department of Microbiology Reference Laboratory Public Health Agency of Turkey. The patient was referred to the Antalya Training and Research Hospital. The patient's CCHF serum result was positive. Ribavirin treatment was not initiated in the patient who was accepted to be in the convalescence period, piperacillin-tazobactam 4 x 4.5 g/day treatment was continued and supportive treatment was given. In the follow-up, as the patient's neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and lymphocytopenia still continuing, she was transferred to hematology clinic for malignancy examination and bone marrow biopsy performed by hematology and B cell ALL was diagnosed. She was accepted to be convalescent in terms of CCHF and chemotherapy was started for ALL treatment by hematology. The patient is still being followed up by the hematology clinic and allogenic hematopoietic stem cell tranplantation is planned for the patient. As a result, CCHF is a disease that can be confused with many differential diagnosis. With this case, it is aimed to draw attention to the diagnostic difficulties of CCHF and ALL and to be the first case in the literature."]}
{'id': 458, 'question': 'A 47-year-old man, with a history of a right parotid pleomorphic adenoma, treated with surgery (extrafacial parotidectomy) 6 months ago, who comes to our office for presenting pain with sweating and reddening of the skin in the preauricular region during mastication. What treatment would be the treatment of choice?', 'options': {'1': 'Extended total parotidectomy on suspicion of tumor recurrence.', '2': 'Pregabalin.', '3': 'Intradermal botulinum toxin injection.', '4': 'Broad-spectrum antibiotherapy.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Metastasizing pleomorphic adenoma (MPA) is a rare, incompletely understood enigmatic entity having the histologic appearance of benign pleomorphic adenoma and clinically malignant behavior. We report a case of MPA of the parotid gland that metastasized to the scapular region 6 years after the appearance of the primary lesion in the left parotid gland. A 35-year-old woman presented with a palpable soft to firm mass of 3-cm diameter in the left scapular region that was slightly mobile over the underlying structures and a small swelling at the operated site of the parotid region. The patient had a prior history of surgical removal of recurrent pleomorphic adenoma of the left parotid salivary gland. Fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) smears of both sites demonstrated the 3 components (i.e., stromal, mesenchymal and epithelial) of benign pleomorphic adenoma with benign features. The diagnosis was MPA. The appearance of a mass lesion or subcutaneous nodule with a prior history of pleomorphic adenoma should alert for the possibilities of metastatic carcinoma, metastatic carcinosarcoma and MPA. With well-established cytomorphology of pleomorphic adenoma, FNAC remains the investigation method of choice for metastatic workup of a case of locally recurrent pleomorphic adenoma.', "Frey syndrome is a common complication that appears few months after parotid surgery with flushing and sweating of the parotid-temporal area during mastication. It presumably originates from an aberrant nervous regeneration in which the parasympathetic fibers of the parotid gland would combine themselves with the sympathetic fibers of the sweat glands and with the cutaneous vessels. In the present study we analyze the effectiveness of a collagenous membrane derived from animal pericardium (APM) to prevent Frey's syndrome after parotidectomy. We studied a total of 40 patients with benign tumors of the parotid gland, including 30 patients with pleomorphic adenoma, 7 patients with Warthin tumor and 3 with basal cells adenoma. The patients were divided into 2 groups: group 1 (experimental n=20) executed superficial parotidectomy with replacement of bovine pericardial matrix (BPM); group 2 (control n=20) underwent superficial parotidectomy followed by reposition of superficial musculoaponeurotic system (SMAS) flap. All patients were questioned over their subjective symptom and tested with Minor's test after 12 months from the intervention and introduced in a follow-up of 3 years. Subjectively Frey syndrome was referred in 5% of patients in group 1 and in 10% in group 2, while 0 cases were observed in group 1 after the starch-iodine test, 2 cases in group 2 (10%). Considering the present results, although this study needs further implementation, we can affirm that BPM is a valid option in preventing Frey's syndrome whereas SMAS flap is not available.", 'Hemangiomas account for 0.4-0.6% of all tumors of the parotid gland and most of them occur in children, nevertheless in adults hemangiomas are very rare. We report the case of a 62 year old woman with a mass in the parotid right tail associated with fluctuating swelling episodes unrelated to meals and with a slowly progressive growth. The provisional diagnosis was a pleomorphic adenoma, so a right superficial parotidectomy was performed. During surgery, the macroscopic appearance makes suspect a vascular lesion. The histopathological result was a cavernous hemangioma. The classic clinical presentation of a parotid hemangioma is an intraglandular mass associated or not with skin lesions characterized by reddish macules and/or papules, and a vibration or pulsation when palpating the parotid region. In imaging tests, phleboliths could be observed which are very suggestive of a hemangioma or a vascular malformation. In the absence of these signs, the diagnosis could be difficult, particularly in an adult due to its low prevalence, with about 50 cases reported worldwide. However a hemangioma should be considered in the differential diagnosis of parotid tumors in adults. Key words:Cavernous hemangioma, parotid gland, superficial parotidectomy, pleomorphic adenoma. ', 'We sought to investigate the efficacy of botulinum toxin type A in the treatment of Frey and crocodile tears syndromes. Frey syndrome is a common complication after surgical intervention or injury in the region of the parotid gland. Crocodile tears syndrome is unusual and manifests after facial nerve paralysis and other causes such as head trauma. This was a prospective nonrandomized, nonblinded study. We used botulinum toxin type A for the treatment of 11 patients with gustatory sweating and 2 patients with crocodile tears syndrome. The follow-up (6 to 23 months) of patients with gustatory sweating syndrome showed complete absence of sweating in the affected regions. One patient had recurrence after 16 months and was retreated successfully. At 1 and 24 weeks after treatment of the patients with the crocodile tears syndrome, the Schirmer test showed a reduction of stimulated lacrimation on the impaired side approaching the normal values of the unaffected side. Our study supports the widely accepted aspect that botulinum toxin type A could be the treatment of choice for gustatory sweating syndrome. We also propose the toxin as a valuable treatment for crocodile tears syndrome.', 'According to the literature, periauricular combined with submandibular or cervical incision is used in nearly every parotidectomy. The aim of this study was to present the results of the use of only periauricular incision in parotid surgical procedures. A case series with planned data collection. Patients of the author were operated on at the Hospital Santa Casa de Misericórdia de Belo Horizonte, Brazil. Forty-one consecutive partial or total parotidectomies (27 cases of pleomorphic adenoma, 9 of other benign tumors, 3 of parotid cysts, and 2 of chronic parotiditis) were performed using only periauricular incision. The parotid tumors were removed in all cases with no need for any further skin procedures, as the incisions produced a good aesthetic result. All patients presented temporary hypoesthesia in the area that had been operated on for no more than 6 months. Ear discomfort was reported by 18 patients for a short period of time. Local infection occurred in 1 case successfully treated with systemic antibiotics. The results of the present study indicate that periauricular incision is a high-quality and highly aesthetic option for surgical procedures concerning benign conditions of the parotid gland.']}
{'id': 123, 'question': 'Pregnant woman, 27 years old, 30 weeks of gestation. She comes to the emergency room because she noticed pain in the left lumbar region and dysuria since yesterday. She has no febrile sensation. She refers repeated urinary tract infections (UTI). Urinalysis shows Hb 3+, leukocytes 3+, nitrites 2+, sediment: 15-20 leukocytes per field and 5-10 red blood cells per field. Which of the following microorganisms is the most frequent culprit in pregnant women?', 'options': {'1': 'Escherichia coli.', '2': 'Enterococcus faecalis.', '3': 'Streptococcus agalactiae.', '4': 'Proteus mirabilis.', '5': 'Satphylococcus saprophyticus.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['We present the case of an adolescent girl with prominent clitoral swelling as the first symptom when she presented to the emergency department, and who was subsequently diagnosed with nephrotic syndrome. A 14-year-old adolescent girl was admitted with painless clitoral swelling. She denied recent masturbation, itching, or discharge. She was within the last few days of menstruation. Physical examination revealed clitoral edema without erythema or genital edema. Urine dipstick test and microscopic evaluation revealed protein 2+, blood 3+, abundant erythrocytes and 9-10 leukocytes. A few days later, additional clinical findings, such as pretibial and facial edema, were diagnosed as nephrotic syndrome. This case is a reminder that clitoral swelling is to be considered a sign in the diagnosis of nephrotic syndrome, even when it occurs alone.', 'Endometriosis affecting the urinary tract is very rare and the most common site of involvement is urinary bladder. The clinical features are urgency and frequency, hypo gastric pain and hematuria. Cystoscopic examination is the most valuable diagnostic test but definitive diagnosis requires histological confirmation. A 21-year-old unmarried female presented with lower urinary tract symptoms and blood in urine, more during menstruation. She gave history of left salpingo-oophorectomy. Ultrasonography revealed a mass in the bladder 2 x 3 cm on the posterior wall. Intravenous urography showed a filling defect in the bladder. Urethrocystoscopy performed and growth was resected and sent for histopathology. Histopathology confirmed the diagnosis of vesical endometriosis. She was advised Luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) but she refused as she could not afford it. She was managed on Tab 17-aethinyl testosterone.', "KS is a 33-year-old Caucasian married woman who works full time as an accountant and has one daughter who is 2 years old. She enjoys reading and exercising in her spare time. She initially presented in July 2015 at the age of 31 years with a 1-cm breast mass in the left inner breast, which prompted a mammogram to be obtained. The mammogram revealed diffuse and occasionally grouped left breast calcifications. Additionally, there was focal edema at the site of the mass. A follow-up mammogram was recommended to document stability in 6 months, which demonstrated an interval increase in number and size of segmental pleomorphic calcifications in the lower inner breast spanning 6 cm in size. A stereotactic core needle biopsy was completed and revealed high-grade ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) that was estrogen receptor (ER) and progesterone receptor (PR) positive. KS underwent genetic testing due to her young age at diagnosis of noninvasive breast cancer. She was tested with the breast/ovarian cancer panel, which was negative for mutation.She preceded to bilateral nipple-sparing mastectomy with left sentinel node biopsy and immediate implant reconstruction in February 2016. The operative pathology revealed 3.3 cm of high-grade DCIS. The surgical margins were negative (less than 1 mm posteriorly and less than 2 mm anteriorly). There was 1 sentinel node and 2 nonsentinel nodes negative for malignancy. The right breast was negative for cancer and both retro areolar margins were negative.KS did well during the ensuing routine follow-up every 6 to 12 months in surgical oncology at an academic medical center. She was not recommended to take adjuvant endocrine therapy given the benefit of bilateral mastectomy.In 2017, at a routine oncology follow-up visit, she expressed a desire to have more children. After a negative clinical exam, she and her husband were advised that future contraception may be pursued. KS was in her usual state of good health when she noticed a left breast mass in the inferior reconstructed breast in June 2017. She presented to the nurse practitioner (NP) in the surgical oncology clinic for evaluation. At that time, she was 17 weeks pregnant and being seen in the same facility for high-risk obstetrics and gynecology care. KS had no other concerning symptoms for recurrent cancer, and her pregnancy had been progressing smoothly.The surgical oncology NP noted a 1-cm firm superficial mass in the breast at 6 o'clock. She had no other bilateral breast findings or adenopathy. Upon review of systems, she denied new persistent headache, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, weight loss, night sweats, or fatigue.Due to her pregnancy and the superficial presentation of the breast mass, a left breast ultrasound was ordered. It revealed an 8-mm irregular hypoechoic mass 7 cm from the nipple at the 6 o'clock position in the reconstructed breast.A diagnostic workup ensued with a left breast ultrasound-guided core needle biopsy. KS was given a diagnosis of clinical stage T1b, N0, grade 2 invasive micropapillary carcinoma: ER positive (Allred 6), PR positive (Allred 8), HER2/<ineu</i, immunohistochemistry 3+, and fluorescence in situ hybridization amplified.After discussion of this recurrent cancer diagnosis, her team opted for a bilateral diagnostic mammogram (with abdominal shielding) and bilateral axillary and breast ultrasound to evaluate the contralateral breast and lymph nodes. There was no adenopathy, a small amount of accessory breast tissue in the right axillary tail region, and a biopsy clip was noted in the left inferior breast at 6 o'clock. The new cancer was not seen on mammogram, likely due to the proximity to the implant.", 'Although retrosternal abscess is a well known complication of sternotomy and intravenous drug abuse, to date it has not been described as a consequence of trigger point injections. There are reported cases of serious complications as a result of this procedure including epidural abscess, necrotizing fasciitis, osteomyelitis and gas gangrene. A 37-year-old African-American woman, who was 20 weeks pregnant, presented to our emergency room with complaints of progressively worsening chest pain and shortness of breath over the course of the last two months. She was undergoing trigger point injections at multiple different sites including the sternoclavicular joint for chest pain and dystonia. Two years previously she had developed a left-sided pneumothorax as a result of this procedure, requiring chest tube placement and subsequent pleurodesis. Her vital signs in our emergency room were normal except for resting tachycardia, with a pulse of 100 beats per minute. A physical examination revealed swelling and tenderness of the sternal notch with tenderness to palpation over the left sternoclavicular joint. Laboratory data was significant for a white blood count of 13.3 × 109/L with 82% granulocytes. A chest radiograph revealed left basilar scarring with blunting of the left costophrenic angle. A computed tomography angiogram showed a 4.7 cm abscess in the retrosternal region behind the manubrium with associated sclerosis and cortical irregularity of the manubrium and left clavicle. Trigger point injection is generally considered very safe. However, there are reported cases of serious complications as a result of this procedure. A computed tomography scan of the chest should strongly be considered in the evaluation of chest pain and shortness of breath of unclear etiology in patients with even a remote history of trigger point injections.', 'Spinal tumors are rare in pregnancy, but they cause a serious problem in terms of continuing pregnancy. Here, we present a parturient with severe lumbago who underwent resection of a spinal tumor. A 42-year-old parturient at 26 weeks of gestation presented with acute onset of severe pain in the lumbar region and lower extremities. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed an intraspinal tumor from L4 to L5. Although sciatic nerve block and epidural anesthesia were performed to relieve the pain, their analgesic effects were insufficient. Since the continuation of pregnancy was difficult because of the severe pain, she was scheduled for the resection of the tumor under general anesthesia at 28 weeks gestation. Fetal heart monitoring was used to evaluate abnormal heart rate patterns in the operating room. In order to avoid a decrease in uteroplacental blood flow, the intraoperative systolic blood pressure was maintained at 100 mmHg or more and end-tidal carbon dioxide was maintained at 35-40 mmHg. She was placed on left lateral position to avoid aortocaval compression, and surgery was uneventfully completed. The pain was relieved after surgery, and the parturient could continue the pregnancy. She under- went cesarean section at 40 weeks of gestation, and gave birth to a healthy baby.']}
{'id': 522, 'question': 'A 66-year-old woman diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus since three months ago. She has a BMI of 31 kg/m2 and presents poor glycemic control despite a program of non-pharmacological measures (healthy diet, exercise). Which of the following hypoglycemic drugs is associated with weight gain and should we avoid in this patient?:', 'options': {'1': 'Metformin (biguanide).', '2': 'Pioglitazone (thiazolidinedione).', '3': 'Canagliflozin (sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor- iSGLT2).', '4': 'Liraglutide (GLP-1 receptor agonist).', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with higher rates of miscarriage, pre-eclampsia, preterm labor, and fetal malformation. To prevent these obstetric and perinatal complications, women with diabetes have to control levels of blood sugar, both prior to and during pregnancy. Thus, individualized medical nutrition therapy for each stage of pregnancy is essential. We provided in-depth medical nutrition therapy to a 38-year-old pregnant woman with diabetes at all stages of pregnancy up to delivery. She underwent radiation therapy after surgery for breast cancer and was diagnosed with diabetes. At the time of diagnosis, her glycated hemoglobin level was 8.3% and she was planning her pregnancy. She started taking an oral hypoglycemic agent and received education regarding the management of diabetes and preconception care. She became pregnant while maintaining a glycated hemoglobin level of less than 6%. We provided education program for diabetes management during the pregnancy, together with insulin therapy. She experienced weight loss and ketones were detected; furthermore, she was taking in less than the recommended amount of foods for the regulation of blood sugar levels. By giving emotional support, we continued the counseling and achieved not only glycemic control but also instilled an appreciation of the importance of appropriate weight gain and coping with difficulties. Through careful diabetes management, the woman had a successful outcome for her pregnancy, other than entering preterm labor at 34 weeks. This study implicated that the important things in medical nutrition therapy for pregnant women with diabetes are frequent follow-up care and emotional approach through the pregnancy process.', 'The objective of the study is to evaluate the short-term effect of yoga on plasma glucose, lipid profile, blood pressure and insulin requirement in a patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). A 28-years old female was diagnosed with T1DM at the age of seven. She was under Human Mixtard insulin 30-70, thrice/day for 15-15-15 units. She had a history of poor glycemic control, diabetic ketoacidosis and hypoglycemic shock. At the age of 27, she got admitted with complaints of general weakness, joints stiffness and weight loss in our holistic health centre and underwent two weeks of yoga. Results showed a better reduction in the plasma glucose levels, lipid profile, blood pressure and insulin dose and an increase in hemoglobin levels with no episodes of hypoglycemia after yoga. Yoga might be considered as a safer and effective adjuvant in the management of T1DM.', 'Basal insulin (b-INS) is typically the add-on treatment of choice for patients with poor glycemic control (ie, glycated hemoglobin [HbA1c] level ≥ 8.5%), but it is unclear whether b-INS is the best option. In this post hoc analysis, the efficacy and tolerability of exenatide once weekly (EQW) were compared with those of b-INS in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a baseline HbA1c level 8.5% who were undergoing treatment with metformin ± a sulfonylurea. Data were pooled from two 26-week, randomized, controlled trials (EQW vs insulin glargine and EQW vs insulin detemir [EQW, N = 137; b-INS, N = 126]). Treatment with either EQW or b-INS for 26 weeks was associated with significant improvements in HbA1c level compared with baseline, although patients treated with EQW experienced a significantly greater decrease in HbA1c level than those treated with b-INS (least squares [LS] mean ± SE: -2.0% ± 0.08% vs -1.6% ± 0.08%; P = 0.0008). Treatment with EQW was associated with a weight loss of 2.4 kg ± 0.23 kg (LS mean ± SE), whereas treatment with b-INS was associated with a weight gain of 2.0 kg ± 0.24 kg (LS mean difference between groups, -4.4 kg ± 0.33; P &lt; 0.0001). Patients in the EQW group were significantly more likely to achieve the composite endpoint of an HbA1c level &lt; 7.0%, no weight gain, and no hypoglycemic events (defined as a blood glucose level &lt; 54 mg/dL requiring self-treatment or assistance to resolve) than patients in the b-INS group (33.6% vs 3.2%; P &lt; 0.0001). The exposure-adjusted hypoglycemic event rates were 0.08 and 0.37 events per patient-year in the EQW and b-INS groups, respectively. Gastrointestinal adverse events occurred at a higher rate in patients who underwent EQW treatment than those who were treated with b-INS. These results show that EQW treatment was associated with significantly greater improvement in HbA1c level compared with b-INS treatment among patients with poor glycemic control, with the added benefits of weight loss (vs weight gain with b-INS therapy) and a lower incidence of hypoglycemic events. These results suggest that EQW is an alternative treatment to b-INS for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a baseline HbA1c level ≥ 8.5%. ', 'Data of nationwide glycemic control and hypoglycemic treatment patterns in newly diagnosed type\xa02 diabetes patients in China are absent. The aim of this study was to assess the evolution of treatment patterns for newly diagnosed type\xa02 diabetes patients and the clinical outcomes during 12-month follow up. This is an observational prospective cohort study with 12\xa0months of follow up. Patients with a diagnosis of type\xa02 diabetes for &lt;6\xa0months were enrolled. Glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels and hypoglycemic treatment patterns were collected at baseline and at every 3\xa0months of follow up. A total of 79 hospitals were recruited, consisting of 5,770 participants. The mean HbA1c was 8.4\xa0±\xa02.5% at baseline, and decreased to 6.7\xa0±\xa01.2% at 12\xa0months with 68.5% of patients achieving HbA1c &lt;7%. At baseline, 44.6% of the patients were without hypoglycemic medications, 37.7% had oral hypoglycemic agents and 17.7% received insulin treatment. Determinants of change in HbA1c were treatment patterns, comorbidities, baseline characteristics such as obesity and smoking, regions, and tiers of hospitals. Associated factors with treatment alterations were time of follow up, treatment patterns, patient-reported reasons such as the economic factors and poor efficacy. In newly diagnosed type\xa02 diabetes patients, compared with patients without medications, patients with one oral hypoglycemic agent had higher possibilities of reaching glycemic control, whereas patients using insulin had lower possibilities of reaching the target. Factors associated with change in HbA1c and treatment alterations were also revealed.', 'Hemichorea/hemiballism associated with nonketotic hyperglycemia is a well-recognized syndrome, but few case series have been reported in the literature. We describe 20 patients with hemichorea/hemiballism associated with hyperglycemia (9 males and 11 females) with mean age of 67.8 years. Ten patients had a previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and one had type 1 diabetes mellitus. Six of them had documentation of poor diabetic control over at least the last 3 months. Nine patients had new-onset hyperglycemia with a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus made after discharge. Seventeen patients had unilateral chorea/ballism, while three had bilateral chorea/ballism. Eighteen cases had striatal hyperdensities on computed tomography (CT) and/or hyperintense signals on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The putamen was affected in all cases, and the caudate nucleus was involved in nine. Hemichorea/hemiballism associated with nonketotic hyperglycemia can be the presenting sign of diabetes mellitus in almost half of cases or can occur after a few months of poor glycemic control in patients with diagnosed diabetes. This case series is one of the largest to date and adds valuable information about clinical and neuroimaging features that are comparable with published data but also emphasize the role of adequate diabetes mellitus control.']}
{'id': 209, 'question': 'A 32-year-old woman requests preconception counseling. The patient reports that she underwent cervical conization for a high-grade intraepithelial lesion (H-SIL) and subsequently had three miscarriages between 20 and 22 weeks gestation. She has no living children. On all three occasions she came to the emergency department with a feeling of weight in the hypogastrium, where she was found to be 8 cm dilated and with prominent amniotic membranes. She had never felt contractions before, what advice would you give her for the next pregnancy?', 'options': {'1': 'I would prescribe oral atosiban prophylaxis throughout the pregnancy.', '2': 'I would offer lung maturation with corticosteroids from 19-20 weeks of gestation.', '3': 'I would recommend a cervical cerclage at 14 weeks gestation.', '4': 'I would advise her not to attempt any more pregnancies because of the high risk of recurrence.', '5': 'I would recommend resorting to assisted reproductive techniques.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["A 34-year-old lady, with three previous spontaneous vaginal deliveries, presented in labor at 37 + 0 weeks' gestation. Following the birth of her third child, she underwent a laser cone biopsy for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) 3. Despite sustained regular contractions and augmentation with Syntocinon, progressive cervical dilatation beyond 1 cm failed to occur in this multiparous lady. A delayed diagnosis of cervical stenosis was made. She eventually underwent a cesarean section where her internal cervical os was found to be thin and fibrotic. This case describes an uncommon occurrence of cervical stenosis presenting in labor and seeks to increase awareness of this condition so as to allow preemptive counselling of similar patients, early recognition in a labor with poor progress and a swift, better-informed decision to deliver via an emergency cesarean section. We review the existing literature on cervical stenosis following cervical conization and analyze the various definitions available.", "An 11-year-old white girl was admitted to The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in July 1983 for evaluation of metastatic tumor. She had been well until July 1982, when a mass developed over the right scapula. Treatment with warm compresses and antibiotics resulted in no improvement, and incision and drainage were unproductive. A biopsy at another hospital was interpreted as showing a primitive neuroectodermal tumor. There was no evidence of metastatic disease. She then underwent excision of the tumor with the underlying scapula. No further treatment was administered. She remained well until February 1983, when she began to complain of occasional lower back and thigh pains. Her symptoms worsened over the succeeding 3 months, despite treatment with analgesics and physical therapy. By May 1983, she was no longer able to attend school because of weakness and pain, and had sustained a 10% weight loss during the previous 2 months. She was admitted to her original hospital, where bone scan and bone marrow biopsy showed disseminated tumor; she then came to The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. On examination, she appeared acutely and chronically ill. It was very uncomfortable for her to move, and she walked with a slow, stooped, shuffling gait. She complained of tenderness in the lower back and both sides. There were no other abnormalities on examination. The hemoglobin level was 9.7 gm/dl, following transfusion at the other hospital; white blood cell count was 6,900/mm3 with a normal differential, and the platelet count was 480,000/mm3. A 24-hr urine test for VMA excretion was normal. She underwent bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, and the radiographs and pathology slides from the other hospital were reviewed.", 'As part of a multidisciplinary adoption support clinic, Erin, a 5-year-old girl, adopted approximately 6 months before the clinic visit, presents for postadoption evaluation. Erin was born at full term. Her birth history was significant for reported maternal treatment for liver failure during pregnancy. Her previous medical history included hospitalization for a viral illness at age 2 months, recurrent ear infections, and a fractured forearm. Family history was significant for a maternal history of bipolar disorder, depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, and concern for substance abuse; a paternal history of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and depression; and full biological brother with a history of ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder. Erin and her brother lived with their parents until she was approximately 3 years old. At that time, there were concerns for poor hygiene, inconsistent medical care, poor school attendance for her brother, financial instability, and significant neglect. Erin was reportedly confined to her crib for hours at a time. She and her older brother were removed from the home because of concerns for significant neglect and placed into foster care. Approximately 3 months after foster placement, Erin underwent testing because of concerns for abnormal behaviors and possible developmental delays. Symptoms included poor sleep, repetitive behaviors such as head banging, delayed speech that primarily involved grunting, and lack of toilet training. She was hyperactive and aggressive and had poor caregiver attachment. On evaluation, she was small for age, poorly groomed, and easily distracted with poor eye contact and did not tolerate interactions with examiners. Neuropsychological testing consisted of symptom checklists and caregiver interview only because she did not tolerate diagnostic testing. She was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay with intellectual and language impairments. Over the following year, Erin was transitioned to a second foster family and was subsequently adopted. She received speech, occupational, and physical therapy, along with trauma-informed therapy. She made significant gains in multiple domains and was able to graduate from trauma-informed therapy after 1 year. On examination, Erin greets you with appropriate eye contact and reports that she is feeling "good." She is verbal and interactive with her brother and parents. She looks to parents for support when asked to participate in the physical examination. She does not display any significant repetitive behaviors. Erin\'s parents are concerned that her initial diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay do not accurately reflect her current level of functioning and are afraid she may have been misdiagnosed. How would you proceed with next steps to address these diagnoses?', 'Although severe cervical kyphotic deformity results from a number of causes, the psychiatric disease itself did not play a metabolic role in the development of the deformity. However, we diagnosed a case of cervical deformity caused by postural disorders associated with schizophrenia. The purpose of this case report is to describe a rare episode in a schizophrenic patient with a fixed cervical flexion deformity caused by postural disorders. A case report. An 18-year-old woman with a history of schizophrenia and a persistent behavioral cervical flexion posture presented for evaluation. At the initial examination, a significant fixed cervical flexion measuring 100° was noted. Her chin was in contact with her manubrium, and left scars developed on both her chin and manubrium. She had hyperreflexia in all extremities but no further neurologic deficits, although her initial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) indicated multilevel cervical cord compression. She was initially treated conservatively but had a progression in fixed cervical flexion positioning. She complained of a persistent inability to ambulate within the community, as she was unable to bring her head into a neutral position to be able to see objects in her path. She also complained of inability to drink from a water bottle as she had difficulty depressing her mandible. The patient and her family requested a surgical correction. Although she had no significant clinical neurologic deficit, she did have significant MRI findings and limitation of functional activities. We felt her limitations were significant enough to warrant surgical correction. A combined anterior and posterior procedure was performed resulting in an improved cervical head posture. She was able to return to community activities and resume drinking from a water bottle. Although this technique has been well described previously, this is the first report of a rare episode in a schizophrenic patient with severe cervical kyphosis deformity because of a constant neck flexion posture.', 'Dextromethorphan (DXM) has unique toxicity that may be difficult to diagnose. We present a case of a young woman who presented to our emergency department (ED) initially diagnosed with recurrent seizures. Paramedics brought a 19-year-old woman to the ED. Witnesses noted "shaking," which the patient did not recall. The patient denied fever, antecedent trauma, or neurological complaint. She was recently administered lamotrigine for bipolar disorder. She was a former alcoholic with no history of developing withdrawal. She admitted to marijuana use but denied use of any other illicit substances. Her vital signs and physical examination were unremarkable. She had a normal brain computed tomography, electrocardiogram, and laboratory evaluation. There was no alcohol detected. Her urine drug screen was negative for opiates, benzodiazepines, cocaine, amphetamines, barbiturates, phencyclidine, and tricyclic antidepressants. She was diagnosed with new-onset seizure and discharged home. No abnormalities were seen in the brain magnetic resonance imaging scan and electroencephalogram. She was scheduled for a cardiac syncope workup, but never followed through. Two months later, she presented to the hospital again for a similar complaint. Coworkers reported witnessing sudden tonic-clonic movements and confusion. On ED presentation, the patient was tachycardic with a heart rate of 110 beats/min and had horizontal nystagmus. She was alert with a flat affect. She did not recall events but answered questions appropriately. Repeat radiographic and laboratory evaluations were normal including urine drug screen and computed tomography. Upon questioning, she admitted to abusing DXM for the past several months. A serum DXM level at this time was 988.3 ng/mL. She was admitted to the hospital for 24 hours without sequelae. All further diagnostic testing was cancelled, and she was referred to a drug rehabilitation program. Abuse of DXM is increasing in incidence. The serum level of our patient was almost 10-fold greater than the reported therapeutic level. The toxicity of DXM is unique, and abuse should be considered in all patients presenting to the ED with new-onset seizure. Dextromethorphan abuse should be considered in young adults who present with previously undiagnosed seizure activity.']}
{'id': 282, 'question': 'A 70-year-old female patient is admitted to the ICU after suffering anterior AMI treated by coronary angioplasty and stent placement in the anterior descending artery. Four days later she suddenly presented hypotension that required vigorous volume support, initiation of vasoactive drugs, orotracheal intubation and connection to mechanical ventilation. Physical examination revealed a murmur not previously present. Suspicion of a mechanical complication of the infarction led to transthoracic echocardiography showing pericardial effusion. Mark the CORRECT answer:', 'options': {'1': 'Mortality with medical treatment is 20%.', '2': 'In case of free wall rupture there is an oximetric jump in the right ventricle in the Swan-Ganz catheterization.', '3': 'In case of free wall rupture, there is no palpable frémito.', '4': 'Mechanical complications usually appear on the first post-infarction day.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['A 75-year-old male with a history of myocardial infarction and recent transient ischemic attack was referred to a cardiology clinic for preoperative evaluation before a cystectomy. Transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography revealed a mobile mass on the right coronary cusp of the aortic valve. Multislice CT demonstrated a significant narrowing in the proximal left anterior descending coronary artery. Physical examination, chest radiography, laboratory testing, electrocardiography, transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography, multislice-CT coronary angiography, pathological and histological examination of the surgically excised tissue. Papillary fibroelastoma of the aortic valve in conjunction with coronary artery disease. Surgical excision of the mobile lesion and an end-to-side anastomosis of the left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending coronary artery.', 'A 70-year-old man with a history of food-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis (FDEIA) since age 50 was admitted to the emergency department with chest pain and urticaria caused by FDEIA. Coronary angiography revealed total occlusion of the proximal left anterior descending coronary artery. After thrombus aspiration, a bare metal stent was placed into the culprit lesion, resulting in no residual stenosis. Urticaria disappeared on the second hospital day. This is the first reported case, to our knowledge, in which acute myocardial infarction followed FDEIA. Physicians should be aware of acute myocardial infarction as a rare but potential complication of FDEIA.', 'Cardiogenic shock after acute myocardial infarction is associated with a high mortality rate despite modern reperfusion methods and intra-aortic balloon pump support. For myocardial infarction patients in cardiogenic shock that is refractory to intra-aortic ballon pump counterpulsation and pressors (severe refractory cardiogenic shock), there are limited means to rapidly provide additional hemodynamic support. We present the case of a 49-year-old man who presented with an anterior wall acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock. After resuscitation and stabilization with intra-aortic balloon pump and pressor support, the patient underwent successful emergent percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and stenting of the left anterior descending coronary artery. Forty-eight hours later, the patient again went into severe refractory cardiogenic shock; pulseless electrical activity arrest followed. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was started, and the patient underwent urgent placement of a TandemHeart percutaneous ventricular assist device. The device enabled the reversal of terminal hemodynamic collapse during active cardiopulmonary resuscitation, subsequent stabilization of the patient, and discharge of the patient from the hospital after device removal. In this patient, the percutaneous ventricular assist device was successful in the treatment of severe refractory cardiogenic shock after acute myocardial infarction.', 'A 70-year-old man was transferred to our hospital with severe congestive heart failure and ventricular arrhythmia due to acute myocardial infarction. He had experienced chest pain 3 weeks previously and was admitted to another hospital for dyspnea, where he required assist ventilation, 1 week prior to the transfer. An echocardiogram revealed a broad anteroseptal infarction and very poor left ventricular function with an ejection fraction (EF) of 22%. He remained in a severe congestive heart failure condition despite a full administration of catecholamines. Coronary angiogram findings revealed an occlusion of the proximal left anterior descending coronary artery and 1 week later severe hypotension was suddenly presented. An echocardiogram showed pericardial effusion with signs of cardiac tamponade. A pericardiocentesis was performed and hemodynamic improvement was obtained for a short time, after which the patient underwent urgent open heart surgery. During the operation, exclusion of the anteroseptal akinetic area using an oval patch was performed under a cardiopulmonary bypass and ventricular fibrillation. Severe cardiac failure remained postoperatively and the patient could not be weaned from cardiopulmonary bypass, therefore, we implanted a percutaneous cardiopulmonary support (PCPS) and started intraaortic balloon pumping (IABP). The patient was weaned from PCPS at 26 days after surgery and from IABP at 30 days. Following hospital release, he has continued to do well without heart failure for 39 months after the operation.', "In this article, we present a case with isolated right ventricular myocardial infarction (MI) who underwent coronary angiography on suspicion of acute anteroseptal MI detected on ECG; however, occlusion of the proximal right coronary artery (RCA) was detected. A female patient aged 65 years was brought to the emergency room due to loss of consciousness 1 hour before. From the patient's history, it was understood that she had undergone stent placement to her proximal RCA 5 days before. On ECG, a decreasing elevation in ST segment elevation from V1 to V4 was seen, and pathologic Q waves were present at DIII and AVF. A complete AV block was detected on ECG. In the coronary angiography, thrombosis of the stent in the proximal RCA was seen. Stenosis detected in the mid-left anterior descending artery was 50% and at the distal part was 60%. The circumflex coronary artery was found normal. Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty was performed to the 95% thrombotic lesion in the stent of the proximal RCA, and full patency was established. In our case, a decreasing elevation in the ST segment elevation from V1 to V4 was seen. Right ventricular MI usually occurs by an acute stenosis of the non-dominant proximal RCA branch that does not receive collateral flow. In our case, RCA was codominant and an acute stenosis of the stent in the proximal RCA was present. The occlusion of the non-dominant RCA can appear as isolated right ventricular MI without causing a left ventricular infarct, since it does not feed the left ventricle."]}
{'id': 464, 'question': 'A 58-year-old man, three weeks after a severe ankle sprain presents, rapidly progressive, with dyspnea at rest, dizziness and syncope. On arrival at the hospital he has hypotension (systolic BP 80 mmHg, diastolic 40 mmHg) and poor perfusion. He is intubated and connected to mechanical ventilation and noradrenaline is started. Echocardiogram shows signs of pulmonary hypertension. Angio-CT shows multiple repletion defects occupying both main pulmonary arteries. Which of the following treatments would be associated with the most rapid hemodynamic improvement in this case?', 'options': {'1': 'Intravenous perfused sodium heparin.', '2': 'Thromboendartectomy.', '3': 'Systemic fibrinolysis with rt-PA (alteplase) 100 mg intravenous.', '4': 'Inferior vena cava filter.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['We report a case of Corynebacterium jeikeium septicemia associated with malignant lymphoma. The patient is a 58-year-old male who was diagnosed as malignant lymphoma on August 1992. May 15, 1993, he was admitted to our hospital because of oliguria, abdominal flatulence and vomiting which developed a few days before admission. Anticancer regimen were started. In the middle of July, white blood cell (WBC) count dropped to 100/mm3 and body temperature rose to 39 degrees C. He was been treated with Ceftazidime and Piperacillin. C. jeikeium was recovered from blood culture. Antibiotics were switched to minocycline and vancomycin. He died of septic shock and pneumonia. Autopsy revealed the presence of the colonies of Rods. Which were morphologically compatible with C. jeikeium were observed in lung tissue and in the small pulmonary vessels.', 'Although the results of surgical repair for congenital pulmonary stenosis are generally good, some patients develop progressive symptoms related to pulmonary regurgitation and right ventricular dilation. Pulmonary homograft implantation may have a beneficial effect on these symptoms, due to a reduction in the volume overload of the right ventricle and hemodynamic improvement. We describe our experience of one patient with severe pulmonary regurgitation following pulmonary valvotomy performed with the Brock technique during childhood because of pulmonary valve stenosis. The patient was admitted to our Institution because of dyspnea on exertion (NYHA functional class II-III) and paroxysmal episodes of supraventricular arrhythmias. Echocardiography showed severe pulmonary regurgitation, an important right ventricular dilation associated with severe tricuspid insufficiency and a patent foramen ovale without any significant shunts. Surgical repair was performed through a median sternotomy with cardiopulmonary bypass and moderate hypothermia. The right ventricular infundibulum was opened and a cryopreserved pulmonary homograft was implanted with continuous sutures. De Vega annuloplasty was performed on the tricuspid valve and the patent foramen ovale was closed with a running suture. Postoperative course was uneventful and the patient was discharged on the seventh postoperative day. Three months after surgery the patient is asymptomatic and echocardiographic evaluation shows no evidence of pulmonary or tricuspid regurgitation, a decrease in right ventricular dilation and a significant improvement in biventricular systolic and diastolic function. In conclusion, pulmonary regurgitation after surgical valvotomy can be treated with the implantation of a cryopreserved pulmonary homograft with satisfactory results. It would appear advisable to perform surgical repair of concomitant right heart anomalies, such as secondary tricuspid insufficiency, to obtain both a decrease in right ventricular overload and a regression of its preoperative dilation.', 'Pulmonary embolus (PE) is estimated to cause 200 000 to 300 000 deaths annually. Many deaths occur in hemodynamically unstable patients and the estimated mortality for inpatients with hemodynamic instability is between 15% and 25%. The diagnosis of PE in the critically ill is often challenging because the presentation is nonspecific. Computed tomographic pulmonary angiography appears to be the most useful study for diagnosis of PE in the critically ill. For patients with renal insufficiency and contrast allergy, the ventilation perfusion scan provides an alternative. For patients too unstable to travel, echocardiography (especially transesophageal echocardiography) is another option. A positive result on lower extremity Doppler ultrasound can also aid in the decision to treat. The choice of treatment in PE depends on the estimated risk of poor outcome. The presence of hypotension is the most significant predictor of poor outcome and defines those with massive PE. Normotensive patients with evidence of right ventricular (RV) dysfunction, as assessed by echocardiography, comprise the sub-massive category and are at intermediate risk of poor outcomes. Clinically, those with sub-massive PE are difficult to distinguish from those with low-risk PE. Cardiac troponin, brain natriuretic peptide, and computed tomographic pulmonary angiography can raise the suspicion that a patient has sub-massive PE, but the echocardiogram remains the primary means of identifying RV dysfunction. The initial therapy for patients with PE is anticoagulation. Use of vasopressors, inotropes, pulmonary artery (PA) vasodilators and mechanical ventilation can stabilize critically ill patients. The recommended definitive treatment for patients with massive PE is thrombolysis (in addition to anticoagulation). In massive PE, thrombolytics reduce the risk of recurrent PE, cause rapid improvement in hemodynamics, and probably reduce mortality compared with anticoagulation alone. For patients with a contraindication to anticoagulation and thrombolytic therapy, surgical embolectomy and catheter-based therapies are options. Thrombolytic therapy in sub-massive PE results in improved pulmonary perfusion, reduced PA pressures, and a less complicated hospital course. No survival benefit has been documented, however. If one is considering the use of thrombolytic therapy in sub-massive PE, the limited documented benefit must be weighed against the increased risk of life-threatening hemorrhage. The role of surgical embolectomy and catheter-based therapies in this population is unclear. Evidence suggests that sub-massive PE is a heterogeneous group with respect to risk. It is possible that those at highest risk may benefit from thrombolysis, but existing studies do not identify subgroups within the sub-massive category. The role of inferior vena cava (IVC) filters, catheter-based interventions, and surgical embolectomy in life-threatening PE has yet to be completely defined. ', 'A 54-year-old man was admitted to our hospital complaining of sudden-onset dyspnea in shock. Chest computed tomography(CT) showed thrombi in the right main and left intermediate pulmonary arteries. The case was diagnosed as a massive acute pulmonary thromboembolism. Although his hemodynamic status was stable after catecholamine infusion, his dyspnea was still in progress. Emergency pulmonary embolectomy was performed and the life of patient was saved. It is thought that progressive dyspnea is an important sign of a deteriorating hemodynamic status and the predictive symptom indicating a surgical procedure in patients with massive acute pulmonary thromboembolism.', 'Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn is a clinical syndrome associated with a variety of cardiopulmonary diseases. Serial evaluation of pulmonary circulation and cardiac function is important, but available imaging techniques have been limited. A new Doppler index combining systolic and diastolic time intervals (the Tei index, which is a simple and noninvasive measurement) has been reported to be useful for the assessment of global cardiac function in adults and children. The purpose of this study was to test the effectiveness of the Tei index in prospectively assessing ventricular function and pulmonary circulation in a newborn piglet model with hypoxic pulmonary hypertension. One-day-old piglets (1.1-1.6 kg) were intubated and prepared for the experiments under room air and hypoxia. A complete two-dimensional Doppler echocardiographic examination was performed. Common hemodynamic variables were measured continuously throughout the study. The right ventricle (RV) Tei index under hypoxia (fraction of inspired oxygen = 0.10) was significantly higher than the value under air ventilation (medians, 0.38 versus 0.56; p &lt; 0.05). Moreover, there was a significant correlation between RV Tei index and mean pulmonary artery pressure and positive linear correlation between individual changes in RV Tei index and changes in mPAP (r2 = 0.799, p &lt; 0.05). We conclude that the Tei index is useful for assessing the function of the RV and the left ventricle and pulmonary circulation in a newborn piglet model with hypoxic pulmonary hypertension. These results suggest that the Tei index will become an objective method of assessing patients with persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn.']}
{'id': 502, 'question': '6-month-old infant presenting to the emergency department for respiratory distress. Examination: axillary temperature 37.2°C, respiratory rate 40 rpm, heart rate 160 bpm, blood pressure 90/45 mmHg, SatO2 95% on room air. He shows moderate respiratory distress with intercostal and subcostal retraction. Pulmonary auscultation: scattered expiratory rhonchi, elongated expiration and slight decrease in air entry in both lung fields. Cardiac auscultation: no murmurs. It is decided to keep the patient under observation in the hospital for a few hours. What do you consider the most appropriate attitude at this time with regard to the complementary tests?', 'options': {'1': 'Request venous blood gas, leukocyte count and acute phase reactants.', '2': 'Request chest X-ray.', '3': 'Request arterial blood gases and acute phase reactants.', '4': 'Do not request complementary tests.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Metaxalone has only recently been associated with serotonin syndrome. The mechanism of action of this centrally acting muscle relaxant is unknown; however, the observation of serotonin syndrome in patients with metaxalone overdose suggests a role in the serotonergic pathway. (Case 1) A 29-year-old woman with overdose of metaxalone presented to the emergency department with altered mental status, seizure-like activity, hyperthermia, rigidity in the lower extremities, myoclonus, and hyperreflexia. Vital signs on arrival include blood pressure of 168/80 mmHg, heart rate of 208 beats per minute (bpm), respirations of 20/min, a temperature of 41.6° C rectally, and room air oxygen saturation of 97%. She was intubated and sedated with benzodiazepines, and actively cooled. Serum paroxetine concentration was 23 (therapeutic range: 20-200) ng/mL, and serum metaxalone concentration was 31 mcg/mL (peak plasma concentrations average 0.9 mcg/mL at 3.3 h following a single oral dose of 400 mg). (Case 2) A 27-year-old man presented to the emergency department with altered mental status, rigidity in his lower extremities, myoclonus, and hyperreflexia. Vital signs on arrival include blood pressure of 158/131 mmHg, heart rate of 126 bpm, respiratory rate of 20 breaths per minute, and temperature of 37.2°C, with oxygen saturation of 98% on room air. His medication list included metaxalone and escitalopram. He was managed aggressively with IV boluses of diazepam, in total 80 mg, in the emergency department. Serum escitalopram concentration was 24 ng/mL with a therapeutic range of 21-64 ng/mL, and serum metaxalone concentration was 58 mcg/mL. These two cases suggest that at supratherapeutic concentrations metaxalone has serotonergic effects. Severe serotonin toxicity may result from metaxalone abuse in individuals using a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor therapeutically.', 'The impact of the use of mask continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) on patients with acute respiratory distress in the prehospital, rural setting has not been defined. The goal was to test the use of CPAP using the Respironics WhisperFlow CPAP in patients presenting with acute respiratory distress. This was a collaborative evaluation of CPAP involving a rural EMS agency and the regional medical center. Patient outcomes including the overall rate of intubation-both in the field and in the emergency department (ED), and length of stay in the hospital and Intensive Care Unit (ICU) were tracked. The study was an eight-month, crossover, observational, non-blinded study. During the four months of baseline data collection, 7.9% of patients presenting with respiratory distress were intubated within the first 48 hours of care. Their average ICU length of stay was 8.0 days. During the four months of data collection when CPAP was available in the prehospital setting, intubation was not required for any patients in the field or in the ED. Admissions to the ICU decreased. Those patients admitted to the ICU, the average ICU length of stay deceased to 4.3 days. The use of the CPAP in the prehospital setting is beneficial for patients in acute respiratory distress.', 'We developed evidence-based recommendations for prehospital evaluation and treatment of adult patients with respiratory distress. These recommendations are compared with current protocols used by the 33 local emergency medical services agencies (LEMSA) in California. We performed a review of the evidence in the prehospital treatment of adult patients with respiratory distress. The quality of evidence was rated and used to form guidelines. We then compared the respiratory distress protocols of each of the 33 LEMSAs for consistency with these recommendations. PICO (population/problem, intervention, control group, outcome) questions investigated were treatment with oxygen, albuterol, ipratropium, steroids, nitroglycerin, furosemide, and non-invasive ventilation. Literature review revealed that oxygen titration to no more than 94-96% for most acutely ill medical patients and to 88-92% in patients with acute chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbation is associated with decreased mortality. In patients with bronchospastic disease, the data shows improved symptoms and peak flow rates after the administration of albuterol. There is limited data regarding prehospital use of ipratropium, and the benefit is less clear. The literature supports the use of systemic steroids in those with asthma and COPD to improve symptoms and decrease hospital admissions. There is weak evidence to support the use of nitrates in critically ill, hypertensive patients with acute pulmonary edema (APE) and moderate evidence that furosemide may be harmful if administered prehospital to patients with suspected APE. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV) is shown in the literature to be safe and effective in the treatment of respiratory distress due to acute pulmonary edema, bronchospasm, and other conditions. It decreases both mortality and the need for intubation. Albuterol, nitroglycerin, and NIPPV were found in the protocols of every LEMSA. Ipratropium, furosemide, and oxygen titration were found in a proportion of the protocols, and steroids were not prescribed in any LEMSA protocol. Prehospital treatment of adult patients with respiratory distress varies widely across California. We present evidence-based recommendations for the prehospital treatment of undifferentiated adult patients with respiratory distress that will assist with standardizing management and may be useful for EMS medical directors when creating and revising protocols.', 'To examine the best available evidence for interventions used to manage mild to moderate respiratory distress in late preterm and term infants experiencing delayed respiratory transition. EMBASE, MEDLINE, Cochrane Review, Joanna Briggs, PubMed, CINAHL, and Google Scholar online databases were searched for articles related to delayed respiratory transition. Reference lists were reviewed to identify additional articles for inclusion. Randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized prospective, prospective observational, and retrospective cohort studies published in English-language, peer-reviewed journals between 2007 and August 2017 were reviewed for inclusion. Studies were included if they examined respiratory focused interventions that could potentially prevent admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of the term or late preterm infant transitioning to extrauterine life. The CASP tools were utilized for appraisal of individual studies. Data were extracted from the 5 studies included in this review. In 4 of the 5 studies, prevention of NICU admission was the primary aim. The observational study observed videos of newborn resuscitations and described the effect of early intervention with continuous positive-airway pressure (CPAP) ventilation on prevention of NICU admission for respiratory distress. One randomized controlled trial used adrenaline injections to prevent development of respiratory distress. The 3 remaining randomized controlled trials used prophylactic CPAP or sustained inflation as a method for preventing development of delayed respiratory transition. Three of the 5 studies focused exclusively on cesarean born infants. Among the interventions studied, early or prophylactic CPAP shows the most promise for prevention of NICU admission in late preterm and term infants with mild to moderate respiratory distress. The lack of safety and efficacy data for either adrenaline injections or prophylactic CPAP precludes either method for current use in the prevention of respiratory distress for the late preterm or term infant transitioning to extrauterine life. Two randomized trials, both using prophylactic CPAP, had a significant decrease in NICU admissions. Both studies were conducted at a single center and exclusive to infants born by cesarean delivery. A single study using sustained lung inflation showed no significant difference in the need for respiratory support or NICU admission. A single study using adrenaline also showed no benefit to the prevention of respiratory distress related to transition. Further multicenter randomized controlled trials are needed before broad adoption of early or prophylactic CPAP can be recommended.', 'Extracorporeal respiratory support in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome is applied either as rescue maneuver for life-threatening hypoxemia or as a tool to reduce the harm of mechanical ventilation. Depending on the blood and gas flow, extracorporeal support may completely substitute the natural lung as a gas exchanger (high-flow venovenous bypass) or reduce the need for mechanical ventilation, enabling the removal of a fraction of the metabolically produced CO2. Recent studies provide a description on how mechanical ventilation is normally applied in combination with extracorporeal support in acute respiratory distress syndrome. The data show a general trend: a variable decrease of fraction of inspired oxygen (0.9 to 0.7 or 0.4), a consistent decrease in tidal volume (by 2\u200aml/kg), no change in positive end-expiratory pressure (maintained around 12-13\u200acmH2O) and a moderate decrease in the respiratory rate (22 to 15\u200abpm). These ventilatory settings are applied in whatever extracorporeal membrane lung oxygenation modality (venovenous versus venoarterial) and independent from the extent of extracorporeal support (partial or total substitution of gas exchange). Mechanical ventilation and extracorporeal support are marginally integrated. The best environment for lung healing - complete lung collapse or protective ventilation strategy or fully open and immobile lung (all three conditions feasible with extracorporeal support) - remains to be defined.']}
{'id': 71, 'question': 'A patient with a history of fever and chest pain comes to the hospital with dyspnea and tachypnea. On physical examination, the blood pressure cyphrads are low, jugular venous pressure is elevated with a deep descending sinus X, and he has a pulsus paradoxus. What pathology should be suspected?', 'options': {'1': 'Ischemic heart disease.', '2': 'Dilated cardiomyopathy.', '3': 'Severe aortic valve stenosis.', '4': 'Constrictive pericarditis.', '5': 'Pericardial effusion with cardiac tamponade.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['We present a 39-year-old male patient with Down syndrome who was evaluated for fatigue, palpitations and bouts of cyanosis. Physical examination showed features of trisomy-21(Down syndrome), with a slow pulse rate, distant cardiac sounds and absent apex beat. He had normal jugular venous pressure without pulsus paradoxus. The ECG showed QRS microvoltage and flattened P and T segments. The 48-hour ambulatory ECG depicted normal sinus rhythm with intermittent short PR interval without tachyarrhythmias. The chest Xray revealed cardiomegaly without pulmonary venous congestion. Although serial transthoracic echocardiographic examination demonstrated pericardial effusion with features of tamponade, there were no overt signs of clinical cardiac tamponade. Biochemically, the serum thyroxine of 3 pmol/l (normal 10 to 25) and thyroid-stimulating hormone of 160 mU/l (normal 0.20 to 4.20)) were compatible with hypothyroidism. The patient was treated with L-thyroxine sodium daily, which was gradually increased to 0.125 mg daily. Within a few months he lost weight and became more alert; furthermore, the symptoms of hypothyroidism and the pericardial effusion resolved. It can be concluded that Down syndrome may be associated with hypothyroidism and pericardial effusion. These were alleviated following hormone replacement. Regular evaluation of thyroid function tests is important in Down syndrome. (Neth Heart J 2007;15:67-70.).', 'A 75-year-old woman presented with a two-month history of progressive dyspnea on exertion. On physical examination, her blood pressure was 148/90 mmHg, jugular venous pressure was 10 cmH(2)O with a prominent V wave, right ventricular heave was present and she had a systolic murmur at the right upper sternal border that varied with inspiration. The patient had a pulsatile liver, mild ascites and systolic bruits over both kidneys, with the diastolic component on the left side.', 'Forty patients with either obstructive sleep apnea syndrome or a clinical complaint of daytime sleepiness with measured nocturnal increase in upper airway resistance and snoring were investigated during sleep for the presence of pulsus paradoxus, which is defined as a decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) of at least 10 mmHg during inspiration. Two thirds of the subjects presented pulsus paradoxus. Age, lowest oxygen saturation (SaO2), and negative inspiratory esophageal pressure nadir (an index of inspiratory effort) were the only studied variables which could statistically dissociate patients presenting pulsus paradoxus. We then divided the patient population into three different subgroups of equal number based upon the degree of decrease in SBP (i.e., &gt; 20 mmHg, &lt; 20 but &gt; 10 mmHg, and &lt; 10 mmHg). In this second analysis, age was the only significant variable that separated the three groups. Lowest SaO2 could not be used to statistically separate subjects with mild to moderate pulsus paradoxus from those without it; and negative inspiratory esophageal pressure measurements could only significantly identify subjects with severe pulsus paradoxus (i.e., &gt; 20 mmHg) from those without any pulsus paradoxus. The variable which correlated best with age was negative inspiratory esophageal pressure nadir (R = 0.83). Our interpretation is that as age increased, negative inspiratory esophageal pressure became less negative, due to the known impact of aging on muscles, and pulsus paradoxus was no longer observed.', 'A 22-year-old female patient with an 8-year history of mixed connective tissue disease (systemic sclerosis overlapping with systemic lupus erythematosus) presented with marked respiratory distress, sinus tachycardia (135 bpm), and pulsus paradoxus. The chest x-ray showed an enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, which was due to a 3-cm-wide, circular pericardial effusion, as demonstrated by two-dimensional echocardiography. Pericardiocentesis performed to decompress cardiac tamponade did not lead to clinical improvement. The increase in dyspnea was caused by a rise in pulmonary wedge pressure from 21 to 40 mm Hg following an acute increase of mitral valve regurgitation. In the presence of global hypokinesia of the left ventricle, cardiac output decreased from 3.25 to 2.63 l/min. Intensive care including hemodialysis and plasmapheresis as well as high-dose application of cyclophosphamide and steroids led to a stabilization of the hemodynamic situation over a period of days. The case report presented here supports the general recommendation to perform pericardiocentesis in a stepwise manner under hemodynamic monitoring. This holds true primarily for patients with mitral valve regurgitation and/or cardiac involvement in connection with an underlying disease.', 'Upper-extremity deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is considered an uncommon clinical event with considerable potential for morbidity. This article presents a case of upper-extremity DVT following a clavicular fracture. A 25-year-old man presented with pain and distortion of the left midclavicular area after falling on his left shoulder during martial arts practice. Following physical examination and radiography, he was diagnosed with a simple displaced clavicle fracture at the middle third. The patient had no previous surgery or medical problem, and did not smoke. No family history of blood clotting disorders were present and neurovascular examination appeared normal on the symmetric contralateral side. A figure-of-8 bandage was applied to support the arm and the patient was discharged. One week later, he returned with swelling and severe pain in his left arm. On examination, a DVT was suspected and the figure-of-8 brace was removed. A Doppler ultrasonography was performed and the presence of a thrombus extending from the brachial axillary veins to the distal subclavian vein with no flow in that segment was revealed. The patient was placed in a sling instead of a figure-of-8 bandage to immobilize the arm, while anticoagulation therapy with enoxaparin was started (1 mg/kg every 12 hours, 80 mg subcutaneous daily for 3 months). The swelling was reduced after 5 days. At 2-week follow-up, the patient had no pain and the swelling had completely disappeared.']}
{'id': 486, 'question': '15-year-old female presenting with delayed menarche and short stature. She does not have intellectual disability. Which of the following genetic tests would be routinely used for the diagnosis of this patient:', 'options': {'1': 'Massive sequencing (NGS).', '2': 'FISH.', '3': 'DNA and/or RNA microarrays.', '4': 'Karyotype.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Tuberous sclerosis or Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a relatively rare autosomal dominant and progressive neurocutaneous disorder involves multiple organs mainly brain, heart, kidney, lung, liver, skin and eye. The diagnosis is typically made clinically. Here, we are reporting a case of TSC presented mainly with dermatologic findings and only neurologic manifestations on MRI. A 15-year-old female with intellectual disability is followed up at neurology clinic for history of seizure. Intelligence evaluation showed that she has intellectual disability. She had wart like lesions distributed in form of butterfly over the face especially involving nose. She did not have any sign and symptom of heart, kidney, lung, bone and eye involvement. Also, her laboratory tests were normal. Despite the physical examination showed absolutely intact neurologic examination, but brain MRI and CT scan revealed several cortical and subcortical tubers, and subependymal glial nodules; no evidence of giant cell astrocytomas and aneurysm. Hypesignal foci are seen at subcortical white matter on long TR images. Fibers are involved. In this case, there is no evidence of giant cell astrocytomas and aneurysm. It seems that TSC could be the prevalent disorder and referring intellectual disability patients in birth with normal organs could be diagnosed as TSC. Therefore, there is necessary need to design genetic natal and post natal tests for diagnosis of TSC cases. Also, there is pivotal that similar cases must be reported; perhaps TSC is more prevalent than to be considered. ', 'BACKGROUND Moyamoya syndrome is a rare cerebrovascular condition caused by blockage of the arteries of the basal ganglia. The Japanese word "moyamoya" means "a puff of smoke" which describes the appearance of the collateral compensatory vessels that develop over time. Microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type II (MOPD II) is a rare genetic syndrome characterized by microcephaly and short stature. In up to 25% of patients with MOPD II, there is an association with moyamoya syndrome. This report is of a Syrian boy diagnosed with moyamoya syndrome and MOPD II. CASE REPORT A 10-year-old boy was referred to our pediatric endocrinology unit for short stature (-11.1 standard deviations). Exploration of the oral cavity showed dental malposition. Laboratory tests revealed mild thrombocytosis and hypernatremia. Glucagon-based growth hormone-stimulation testing revealed pathology, with growth hormone levels peaked at 30 minutes below 1 ng/ml. No abnormalities of carbohydrate metabolism or heart function were identified. Neuropsychological assessment found moderate to severe intellectual disability. Imaging studies showed osteoporosis, bilateral coxa vara, diffuse platyspondyly without scoliosis, malrotation of the left kidney, severe microcephaly with simplified convolution pattern, and moyamoya features with secondary brain atrophy. A genetic study identified a mutation in both alleles of the pericentrin (PCNT) gene, enabling the diagnosis of microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type II. CONCLUSIONS This case highlights the importance of identifying the cause of short stature in children and genetic syndromes that may be linked with other abnormalities. MOPDII associated with moyamoya syndrome was diagnosed by cerebrovascular imaging, which led to a multidisciplinary approach to management.', 'Clinical tests for the evaluation of balance in people with intellectual disability that have been most commonly used depend on the subjective evaluation of the evaluator, easily reach the ceiling effect and are poorly sensitive to small changes; but new tests have been developed, such as the Six Spot Step Test. The aim of this study was to determine the validity and within-day and day-to-day test-retest reliability of the Six Spot Step Test in people with intellectual disability. A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted with 18 people with intellectual disability. The participants conducted the Six Spot Step Test three times and a set of five clinical tests for the balance assessment. The relative reliability was excellent (Intraclass Correlation Coefficient (ICC) = 0.86 - 0.97), and the absolute reliability ranged between 4.7% and 7.3% for coefficient variation and between 0.6 and 1.2 for the standard error of measurement. Linear regression models showed that that test can explain the results of the Timed Up &amp; Go, Four Square Step Test and the Berg Balance Scale. The Six Spot Step Test proved to be as valid and reliable for the evaluation of dynamic balance in people with intellectual disability as the most frequently used tests for the clinical evaluation of postural control.', "We wished to evaluate the use of urinary GH measurements when compared to conventional GH provocation tests in the assessment of short children. Children presenting for the first time to a regional growth clinic were assessed clinically by one observer. Investigations comprising standard GH provocation tests and measurement of urinary GH were undertaken to exclude GH deficiency. Fifty-eight children aged 5.8-16 years were enrolled. Ten were diagnosed on clinical assessment as GH deficient, 43 had delayed growth and/or familial short stature, and five had idiopathic short stature; the 48 children in the last two groups were defined as short normal. GH secretion was evaluated by two standard provocation tests and by the measurement of GH in five overnight urine collections. A normal peak GH concentration was defined as &gt; 16 mU/l. The values for urinary GH excretion were compared to normal ranges (+/- 2 standard deviations from the mean), established in healthy schoolchildren of normal stature. All children considered GH deficient on clinical grounds had low peak GH concentrations on provocation tests, while 8/10 had low values of urinary GH excretion. All short normal children with normal peak GH concentrations (n = 36) on provocation tests and 11/12 children with low peak GH concentrations had urinary GH excretion within the normal range. There was therefore a significant difference in the classification of 'normal' GH secretion in the two tests. If the clinical diagnosis was used as the standard by which GH tests were judged, the predictive value of a positive urinary GH test in the diagnosis of GH deficiency was 89% compared with 45% for GH provocation tests.", 'X-Linked intellectual disability (XLID) accounts for 5%-10% of intellectual disability in males. Over 150 syndromes, the most common of which is the fragile X syndrome, have been described. A large number of families with nonsyndromal XLID, 95 of which have been regionally mapped, have been described as well. Mutations in 102 X-linked genes have been associated with 81 of these XLID syndromes and with 35 of the regionally mapped families with nonsyndromal XLID. Identification of these genes has enabled considerable reclassification and better understanding of the biological basis of XLID. At the same time, it has improved the clinical diagnosis of XLID and allowed for carrier detection and prevention strategies through gamete donation, prenatal diagnosis, and genetic counseling. Progress in delineating XLID has far outpaced the efforts to understand the genetic basis for autosomal intellectual disability. In large measure, this has been because of the relative ease of identifying families with XLID and finding the responsible mutations, as well as the determined and interactive efforts of a small group of researchers worldwide.']}
{'id': 216, 'question': 'A 38-year-old man consults for dyspnea and hemoptysis. Blood tests show creatinine 7 mg/dL, urea 250 mg/dL and high titer positive anti-GBM (anti-glomerular basement membrane antibodies). Renal biopsy shows crescents in 75% of the glomeruli and immunofluorescence shows a linear Ig deposition pattern. Which of the following is the correct answer?', 'options': {'1': 'It is an IgA nephropathy with acute renal failure.', '2': 'Plasmapheresis would be indicated.', '3': 'It is a membranous glomerulonephritis.', '4': 'Mycophenolate mofetil is the initial treatment of choice.', '5': 'Glomerular involvement is caused by the presence of circulating immunocomplexes.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Anti-glomerular basement membrane (anti-GBM) disease is an organ-specific autoimmune disease that involves the lung and kidneys and leads to rapid glomerulonephritis progression, with or without diffuse alveolar hemorrhage, and even respiratory failure. Classic cases of anti-GBM disease are diagnosed based on the presence of the anti-GBM antibody in serum samples and kidney or lung biopsy tissue samples. However, atypical cases of anti-GBM disease are also seen in clinical practice. We herein report the rare case of a patient with atypical anti-GBM disease whose serum was negative for the anti-GBM antibody but positive for the myeloperoxidase (MPO) anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (p-ANCA) and another atypical ANCA. Laboratory test results showed severe renal insufficiency with a creatinine level of 385\u2009μmol/L. Renal biopsy specimen analysis revealed 100% glomeruli with crescents; immunofluorescence showed immunoglobulin G (IgG) linearly deposited alongside the GBM. Finally, the patient was discharged successfully after treatment with plasmapheresis, methylprednisolone and prednisone. This patient, whose serum was negative for the anti-GBM antibody but positive for p-ANCA and another atypical ANCA, had a rare case of anti-GBM disease. Insights from this unusual case might help physicians diagnose rare forms of glomerulonephritis and treat affected patients in a timely manner.', 'We report on a case of a patient with HIV infection, diagnosed 18 months prior to the development of an anti-glomerular basement membrane (anti-GBM) rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis; this is probably the first report of such an association. A 30-year-old white man presented with elevation of serum creatinine (1.3 - 13.5 mg/dL within one month). At admission, the urinalysis showed proteinuria of 7.2 g/L and 8,000,000 erythrocytes/mL. Renal biopsy corresponded to a crescentic diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis mediated by anti-GBM, and serum testing for anti-GBM antibodies was positive; antinuclear antibodies (ANA) and anti-neutrophilic cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCA) were also positive. The patient underwent hemodyalisis and was treated with plasmapheresis, cyclophosphamide and prednisone. The association described here is not casual, as crescentic glomerulonephritis is not common in HIV-positive patients, anti-GBM glomerulonephritis is rare and anti-GBM antibodies are frequently observed in HIV-positive subjects when compared to the overall population. Based on the current case and on the elevated frequency of the positivity for such antibodies in this group of patients, it is advisable to be aware of the eventual association between these two conditions and to promote an active search for anti-GBM antibodies and early diagnosis of eventual urinary abnormalities in HIV-positive subjects, considering the severity of anti-GBM glomerulonephritis.', 'Monoclonal Ig deposition disease (MIDD) is a rare complication of monoclonal gammopathy characterized by deposition of monoclonal Ig light chains and/or heavy chains along the glomerular and tubular basement membranes. Here, we describe a unique case of IgD deposition disease. IgD deposition is difficult to diagnose, because routine immunofluorescence does not detect IgD. A 77-year-old man presented with proteinuria and renal failure, and kidney biopsy analysis showed a nodular sclerosing GN with extensive focal global glomerulosclerosis, tubular atrophy, and interstitial fibrosis. Immunofluorescence was negative for Ig deposits, although electron microscopy showed deposits in the glomeruli and along tubular basement membranes. Laser microdissection of glomeruli and mass spectrometry of extracted peptides showed a large spectra number for IgD, and immunohistochemistry showed intense glomerular and tubular staining for IgD. Together, these findings are consistent with IgD deposition disease. Bone marrow biopsy analysis showed 5% plasma cells, which stained for IgD. The patient was treated with bortezomib and dexamethasone, which resulted in improvement of hematologic parameters but no improvement of renal function. The diagnosis of IgD deposition disease underscores the value of laser microdissection and mass spectrometry in further evaluating renal biopsies when routine assessment fails to reach an accurate diagnosis. ', 'Anti-glomerular basement membrane (GBM) disease is mediated by circulating autoantibodies, principally IgG, targeted at the type IV collagen of GBM. The IgA variant of anti-GBM disease has rarely been described. We report a 65-year-old man with uremia, undergoing hemodialysis, who was referred because of hemoptysis. A chest X-ray showed diffuse infiltration in the right lung field. Laboratory data were remarkable for renal failure, anemia, and thrombocytopenia. Furthermore, laboratory evidence of microangiopathic hemolytic anemia was present. A kidney biopsy revealed diffuse crescentic glomerulonephritis. Circulating IgA anti-GBM antibody was found, as well as the presence of significant IgA deposition in a linear pattern along the GBM, suggesting an anti-GBM antibody-mediated disease. The patient was treated with plasmapheresis and pulse steroid therapy, which resulted in an immediate improvement in the pulmonary hemorrhage and hematological abnormalities. However, the patient did not regain renal function and remained on hemodialysis. ', 'Both myeloperoxidase-associated antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (MPO-ANCA) and antiglomerular basement membrane antibody (anti-GBM Ab) positivity have been demonstrated in patients with rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis (RPGN), either with or without pulmonary hemorrhage; however, the implications of these antibodies in such patients have not yet been elucidated. The cases with dual positive antibodies were studied clinically, serologically, and pathologically, and the implications of antibodies are discussed here. Four patients with prior pulmonary fibrosis, who subsequently developed RPGN and pulmonary hemorrhage, were studied clinically, serologically, and pathologically. The clinical data were reviewed extensively and the dual positive antibodies were detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Pathological studies were performed with a renal biopsy in one patient, a gastric biopsy in another patient, and autopsy materials in the remaining 2 patients. All 4 patients had prior pulmonary fibrosis before the symptoms of RPGN when the dual positivity of MPO-ANCA and anti-GBM Ab was detected. Three cases were accompanied by pulmonary hemorrhage around the time of RPGN whereas the remaining case demonstrated pulmonary hemorrhage a few years later. Renal tissue specimens in 3 cases showed circumferential crescents and linear immunoglobulin G deposits along the glomerular capillary loops in glomeruli. Two autopsy specimens revealed vasculitis of the small arteries and arterioles of the kidney, and one of them showed similar vasculitic findings in both the gastrointestinal tract walls and the adipose tissues of the adrenal glands. Additionally, a case with pulmonary hemorrhage occurring after remission was associated with re-elevated MPO-ANCA levels but without anti-GBM Ab positivity. A gastric biopsy was unremarkable and non-contributory for the diagnosis, but this case showed vasculitic symptoms of peripheral neuritis and retinal hemorrhage. Taken together, all 4 cases demonstrated prior pulmonary fibrosis and dual positivity of MPO-ANCA as well as anti-GBM Abs at the time of RPGN, and were associated with either pulmonary hemorrhage or its occurrence thereafter. Four cases that showed prior pulmonary fibrosis as well as subsequent RPGN and pulmonary hemorrhage were both MPO-ANCA- and anti-GBM Ab-positive at the time of RPGN. The glomeruli disclosed features compatible with anti-GBM Ab disease, but the clinical and pathological vasculitic manifestations, including prior pulmonary fibrosis that might be an early manifestation of ANCA disease, suggested the occurrence of MPO-ANCA-associated vasculitis. Furthermore, 1 case subsequently showed repetitive pulmonary hemorrhage with re-elevated MPO-ANCA positivity but without anti-GBM Ab positivity, and this event was possibly due to MPO-ANCA-associated alveolar capillaritis. As anti-GBM Ab disease is generally thought not to manifest the clinical and pathological features of vasculitis excluding the kidney, MPO-ANCA might be a key factor regarding the occurrence of this dual positive disease.']}
{'id': 384, 'question': 'A woman comes to the office with her 3 year old daughter because she has detected a slight mammary development since 3 months without taking any medication or any relevant history. Indeed, the physical examination shows a Tanner stage IV, with no growth of pubic or axillary hair. The external genitalia are normal. Ultrasonography reveals a small uterus and radiology reveals a bone age of 3 years. What attitude should be adopted?', 'options': {'1': 'Follow-up every 3-4 months, as this is a temporary condition that often resolves on its own.', '2': 'Breast biopsy.', '3': 'Mammography.', '4': 'Administration of GnRh analogues.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ["Three cases of mammary hamartoma were investigated immunohistochemically and are described. Case 1 was a 42 year old woman with an elastic hard tumor, 1.5 cm in diameter, in her left breast. Case 2 was a 49 year old woman with a semisoft tumor, 5 x 2 cm, in her right breast. Case 3 was a 47 year old woman with a hard tumor, 5 cm in diameter, in her left breast. In each case, mammography and ultrasonography revealed a benign-looking, well-circumscribed mass without calcification. Histologically, the tumors were composed of adipose tissue, mammary glands, and fibrous and/or fibromuscular tissue. The tumor in case 3 also contained small islands of hyaline cartilage. Immunohistochemical analysis was performed, and epithelial and mesenchymal components were discretely and differentially immunostained except that the smooth muscle component seemed to be derived from myoepithelial cells. Cartilage formation might be the result of metaplasia, and 'metaplastic variant of the mammary hamartoma' or 'choristoma' may be an appropriate term for cartilage-containing mammary hamartoma. Using proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-immunostaining, we observed that each component of the tumors had an individual growth rate. This finding may reflect one aspect of the biological characteristics of hamartoma.", 'A twenty year old female was referred to hospital by her GP, after he received the results of blood tests taken earlier in the day. She had presented to him complaining of malaise, nausea and anorexia over a 3 day period. On the day of referral she had also become jaundiced with dark urine, but normal stool colour. There was no abdominal pain. She had no significant past medical history with no history of jaundice, liver disease or autoimmune conditions, and no apparent risk factors for blood-borne hepatitis infection. There was no relevant family history. She was taking no prescribed medication, had not taken any over the counter medication or herbal remedies. She denied excessive alcohol use or use of intravenous drugs in the past, although she was not specifically questioned on the use of other recreational drugs. She was a single mother and admitted to being under considerable stress recently. On examination she appeared well, apart from marked jaundice. There were no signs of hepatic encephalopathy or chronic liver disease. Abdominal examination revealed mild left upper quadrant tenderness, but no significant hepatomegaly. Liver function tests (LFTs) taken by her GP are shown in Table 1, revealing marked elevation of the Alanine Transaminase (ALT) (Table 1), with a relatively preserved albumin. Unfortunately her International Normalised Ratio (INR) had not been measured. An Ultrasound of the abdomen demonstrated a normal size liver with normal contour and texture with no other abnormality.', 'Herein we report the case of a patient with primary amenorrhea and cyclic menouria. The patient was a 20-year-old woman with primary amenorrhea and inability to achieve sexual intercourse. Clinical examination revealed normally developed labia majora and minora, clitoris, and external urethral orifice, but no vaginal opening. A mature female pubic hair pattern was present, and axillary hair development was normal. Breasts were normally developed. Abdominopelvic magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated a remnant upper vagina and unicornuate uterus filled with fluid, and left-sided renal agenesis. Intraoperatively, a congenital vesicouterine fistulous tract was observed. The fistulous tract was completely resected. Vaginal reconstruction using a sigmoid colon pedicled flap was performed. The proximal part of the neovagina was connected to the remnant cervix, and a Foley catheter was left in the uterine cavity for 7 days to prevent obstruction. The patient has been menstruating regularly since the operation. Menouria might be an early sign of congenital vesicouterine fistula. Resection of the fistulous tract with uterine preservation might be considered in patients with vaginal agenesis.', 'Mini puberty is the important period of infancy life that can have a serious impact on sexual development in both sexes. In the infants born very preterm and with extremely low birth weight, mini puberty changes including changes in clinical, hormonal, and imaging data are severe and long lasting, especially in girls. It can be called "exaggerated mini puberty". In this study, a 6-month preterm infant with bronchopulmonary dysplasia presented with periodic vaginal bleeding, Tanner stage 3 breast development, and Tanner stage 2 pubic hair. We did follow up clinical and para-clinical evaluations for the infant during one year and compared the obtained data with those of similar published articles. During one year of monitoring, the case gradually grew to the normal pre-pubertal state, without any hormonal suppressive treatment. Exaggerated mini puberty is a temporary physiologic state in very low birth weight (VLBW) preterm infants that does not require any extra hormonal and surgical interventions.', 'The double-chambered right ventricle (DCRV) is a rare cardiac malformation, often associated with ventricular septal defect (VSD). The authors describe a case of DCRV in a child who underwent surgical repair of perimembranous VSD at the age of 7 months because of systemic pulmonary artery hypertension and growth retardation. At this time, no pressure gradient was measured within the right ventricle and no muscle proliferation was observed on echocardiography or right ventriculography. Postoperative follow-up revealed hypertrophy of the moderator band accompanied by progressive development of a right midventricular pressure gradient, which reached 60 mm Hg at the age of 3 1/2 years. The child was operated after invasive confirmation of the diagnosis of DCRV and the haemodynamic data. The child is now 6 years old and no restenosis has been observed. DCRV is usually associated with VSD, but the course of the two diseases can be dissociated. The diagnosis of DCRV must be considered in any child with a history of VSD, even after surgical or spontaneous closure, when clinical examination reveals a systolic ejection murmur.']}
{'id': 238, 'question': 'A 40-year-old woman consults for approximately 20 episodes per day of intense left periocular pain lasting 15 minutes, accompanied by intense tearing and rhinorrhea. Her examination and MRI are normal. His treatment of choice would be:', 'options': {'1': 'Indomethacin.', '2': 'Lamotrigine.', '3': 'Verapamil.', '4': 'Prednisone.', '5': 'Lithium carbonate.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['For twelve years, the subject of this report, a 38-year-old man, presented a clinical condition compatible with the SUNCT (short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection and tearing) syndrome. He presented a stabbing and intense daily pain located in the left pre-auricular and temporal regions. Each of these intense pain attacks lasted around one minute and presented a frequency of two to eight times per day. The pain was associated with ipsilateral lacrimation, conjunctival injection and rhinorrhea. MRI revealed a pituitary tumor with little suprasellar extent. The subjects serial assays of prolactin, GH, TSH and ACTH were within normal levels. Following transsphenoidal hypophysectomy, with complete removal of the tumor, the subject no more presented pain. The pathological diagnosis was non-secreting adenoma. Fourteen months after the surgery, he remains symptom-free.', 'The authors report the case of a woman with borderline personality disorder who developed a prolactinoma probably induced by amisulpride. This patient was treated with 300 mg of amisulpride per day for a delirium. Her brain MRI was normal. Four months later this patient developed a micro-adenoma (5mm) on the right side of the pituitary gland with amenorrhea and galactorrhea. Amisulpride treatment was withdrawn and replaced by a treatment of quetiapine 100 mg day(-1). The hyperprolactinemia symptoms disappeared. This report shows that the short-term use of amisulpride treatment was linked to an elevation in the PRL level with a possible induction of a pituitary adenoma.', 'Rupture of gravid uterus is surgical emergency causing maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. The risk of uterine rupture is associated with uterine scars caused by previous cesarean section, myomectomy, hysteroscopic procedures, and curettage. We report a case of a 40-year-old woman in 31st week of gestation with spontaneous uterine rupture. It was her third pregnancy. She had two healthy children from previous pregnancies. Her symptoms were abdominal pain, vomiting and pain in the right shoulder lasting for 12 hours prior to admission. Ultrasound examination at admission revealed a dead fetus in the abdomen and free fluid in the abdominal cavity. She had previously undergone laparoscopic myomectomy. After myomectomy, she had one successful vaginal delivery. Every abdominal pain in pregnant woman with uterine scar should be carefully and promptly examined to exclude uterine rupture before further diagnostic procedures. This early time frame is essential for survival of the fetus and sometimes even of the mother. Uterine rupture represents indication for immediate cesarean section and it should be performed within 25 minutes of the first signs of uterine rupture. As shown in the case presented, one successful vaginal delivery after myomectomy is no guarantee for future pregnancies.', 'We report a Japanese patient with short lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection and tearing (SUCNT) responsive to gabapentin. A 29-year-old man presented with sudden-onset intermittent left-sided orbital headache, which was not accompanied by lacrimation and conjunctival injection. We diagnosed trigeminal neuralgia at first and administered carbamazepine and loxoprofen. However, these medications were entirely ineffective at all and 6 days later, autonomic symptoms including conjunctival injection and tearing appeared. Diagnosis of SUNCT was made and gabapentin was started at up to 800 mg per day. Soon after, the headache and autonomic symptoms disappeared. Gabapantin at 800 mg per day was continued for 3 months and then reduced to 400 mg per day. Soon he had only a slight headache without tearing and conjunctival injection. He has continued to take gabapenin at 400 mg per day until now. This case indicated that headache and autonomic symptoms in SUNCT did not always emerge simultaneously, but they sometimes appear with time lag. Furthermore, the long-term clinical course and therapeutic outcome in SUNCT remain unknown. A therapeutic strategy and optimal dosage of medications including gabapentin should be established for the treatment of SUNCT.', 'A 90-year-old woman presented to a hospital emergency department with a brief loss of consciousness that was heralded by spinning vertigo lasting approximately 2 min. She had a long history of intermittent brief episodes of rotatory vertigo, presyncope, and non-vertiginous dizziness, occurring either with or without loss of consciousness. Although initially attributed to symptomatic carotid artery stenosis, these episodes persisted, despite surgical restoration of carotid artery blood flow 1 year after her first syncope. Her medical history was otherwise notable for hypertension, mild depression and a gradual decline in gait and balance function attributed to left hip arthritis and older age. Bedside history and examination, non-contrast head CT scan, electrocardiogram, transthoracic echocardiogram, and bedside cardiac telemetry. Sick sinus syndrome or severe reflex bradycardia with asystole causing recurrent, episodic vertigo, presyncope, non-vertiginous dizziness and syncope (Stokes-Adams attacks). Placement of a temporary pacing wire, followed by surgical implantation of a single-chamber ventricular (VVI) pacemaker.']}
{'id': 47, 'question': 'A 6-year-old boy comes to the clinic accompanied by the monitor of a day care center in our neighborhood because of a painful lump 3 cm in diameter on palpation in the right occipital area of the scalp. He suffers from alopecia in this area and 3 adenomegalies of quite hard consistency in the right posterior cervical region. What would be the most appropriate treatment?', 'options': {'1': 'Incision and drainage.', '2': 'Topical Mupirocin.', '3': 'Griseofulvin orally.', '4': 'Intravenous cefazolin.', '5': 'Topical Ketoconazole.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Two cases of traumatic internal carotid artery occlusion probably related to the seat belt shoulder strap are reported. Case 1. A 20-year-old woman was driving and was struck on the right front side of her car by another car. There were neither bruises, abrasions on her neck, nor weakness in her extremities. About 4 hours later, she developed left hemiplegia, and CT scan taken on the following day revealed low density areas in the capsulostriatal area on the right. The right carotid angiography revealed occlusion of the internal carotid artery about 3 cm distal to the bifurcation. Case 2. A 43-year-old man was driving and was struck on the front of his car by a hard iron railing. He sustained a sternum fracture, but there was no disturbance of consciousness or paresis of the extremities. His neck was unremarkable externally. About 50 days later, he developed left hemiplegia. CT scan and MRI revealed a massive infarction in the distribution of the right middle cerebral artery territories. The carotid angiography revealed occlusion of the right internal carotid artery about 3 cm distal to the bifurcation. In each cases, the driver was wearing a three-point shoulder seatbelt when the car was struck on the front or on the right front. Previous experimental studies have revealed in these situations the neck is flexed right anteriorly, and then quickly overextended left posteriorly. The overextension of the neck probably injured the intima of the internal carotid artery ipsilateral to the shoulder fixed in the seatbelt, resulting in the subsequent occlusion by a thrombus.', 'Pure alexia refers to an acquired disorder associated with the damage to medial occipitotemporal gyrus in the dominant hemisphere, which is also known as visual word form area (VWFA). VWFA is involved in rapid word recognition and fluent reading. Alexia without agraphia is a disconnection syndrome that occurs when the splenium is also damaged with the occipital lobe on a dominant side. We report a case of a 72-year-old right-handed male who presented with alexia without agraphia accompanied by right homonymous hemianopia resulting from acute infarct of the left occipital lobe, the splenium of the corpus callosum and posterior thalamus that probably occurred on the previous day. During the evaluation, he exhibited marked impairment in the ability to read with the vision being grossly normal. Magnetic resonant imaging (MRI) revealed an acute infarct of the left occipital lobe, the splenium of the corpus callosum and posterior thalamus. A computerized tomography angiogram (CTA) revealed left posterior cerebral artery (PCA) territory infarct without any evidence of hemorrhagic conversion. Infarction of the occipital lobe on the dominant side (left) in a right-handed individual may cause a disruption in the visual word form area and is manifested by an inability to read with no abnormalities in visual acuity.', 'A 28-year-old woman presented with a history of clicking and mandibular clenching. She was studied clinically and with axial and coronal CT. The patient was going through a tense emotional period and reported tightening of her teeth (clenching); she was under psychological and neurological treatment for depression including pharmacological therapy. She presented slight pain only at maximum mouth opening at the right temporomandibular joint (TMJ) and in the lateral pole on palpation; there was no coincidence between initial and maximal interocclusal contacts because of premature dental contacts. She showed occlusal group function in the right side and canine guidance in the left side with a right contact of balance, local muscular pain in the right deep masseter muscle and in the superior and middle portion of the right trapezium on palpation. On CT, a spherical area of 3 mm diameter with an average density of -647 HU (SD+/-4.7) was found in the upper and posterior area of the lower space of the right TMJ, together with a thicker lower synovial tissue. This observation was confirmed by MRI. Like other joints, the TMJ could present vacuum phenomenon images inside synovial tissue in the presence of degenerative disease. It is important for radiologists to recognize this rare entity.', 'Sialolipoma is a new variant of salivary gland lipoma, which was first proposed by Nagao et al. (Histopathology 2001; 38: 30) in 2001. We report this rare case of sialolipoma in the hard palate. A 60-year-old Japanese woman was referred to our department complaining of a painless swelling on the right side of the hard palate. Intra-oral examination revealed a soft, elastic, dome-shaped mass with 1 cm in diameter located in the posterior part of the hard palate. Magnetic resonance imaging examination revealed high intensity on T(1)-weighted image and isointensity on T(2)-weighted image. Incisional biopsy revealed that the tumor was encapsulated by fibrous tissue, consisted of adipose tissue, and also contained normal salivary gland tissue peripherally. First diagnosed as an ordinary lipoma of the hard palate, the tumor was excised. According to the recent criteria of histologic findings of sialolipoma, we rediagnosed the tumor as sialolipoma of the hard palate.', 'A 5.5-year-old alpaca mare was referred to the University Clinic for Ruminants due to a lameness in the right hind limb. Six months prior to presentation, the mare had been treated with systemic antibiotics resulting in resolution of the initial lameness. At the time there had been no indication of an inciting trauma. Clinical examination revealed an approx. 2\u2005×\u20052\u2005cm large, fluctuating, neither excessively warm nor painful mass caudal to the right tuber coxae fixed to the underlying tissue. In addition, a moderate, mixed lameness with a predominant proportion of the swinging leg component was present in the right hind limb. Subsequently, sonographic examination of the right gluteal region was performed, revealing severe alterations of bone contour in the area of the right hip joint. Radiographic assessment of the pelvis was carried out for further clarification. Based on the clinical finding of a fistula in the right gluteal region as well as the results of the radiologic examination, a long-standing infected fracture of the right iliac bone accompanied by high-degree, irregularly calcified callus formation and low to moderate osteomyelitis in the fracture area was diagnosed. The patient was euthanized in consequence of the grave prognosis. Computed tomographic examination of the pelvis and the lumbar spine in the L3-L6 area was undertaken in order to further document the extent of the pathological changes. For final clarification, patho-histological examination as well as a microbiologic analysis of the abscess exudate were performed.The presented case shows the importance of clinical as well as orthopedic examinations, as the individual animal frequently only exhibits minimal clinical signs despite the presence of severe changes.']}
{'id': 381, 'question': 'A 70-year-old woman with a history of anorexia, weight loss, discomfort in the muscles and proximal joints and pain in the temporomandibular region who comes to the emergency department for unilateral loss of vision (hand movement), sudden and painless onset (afferent pupillary defect).what test would you request first for diagnostic purposes?', 'options': {'1': 'Lumbar puncture.', '2': 'C Reactive Protein.', '3': 'Magnetic resonance angiography.', '4': 'Carotid ultrasound.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['A young woman presented to the emergency with acute paraplegia and vision loss. She was diagnosed two months ago as a case of miliary tuberculosis with involvement of the chest and brain and therefore was on anti-tuberculosis treatment (ATT). She developed a decrease in vision and her treating physician suspecting optic neuropathy altered the regimen so as to omit Ethambutol and replaced it\xa0with\xa0Streptomycin. This treatment could not be continued with the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic as it required a hospital visit. On admission, she gave a history of inconsistent treatment and the ophthalmology evaluation showed decreased vision in the left eye, a relative afferent pupillary defect (RAPD), and a large solitary choroidal tubercle at the posterior pole of the same eye. The right eye was normal. On discussion with the treating physician, the standard four-drug ATT was reinstituted. Through our case report, we wish to highlight a challenging situation wherein the vision loss and pupillary abnormality with a background of ATT led to the change of treatment that would have required either daily hospital visits or other arrangements to be made to provide the same at home. This modified regimen\xa0not only proved to be challenging for the patient and caregivers but also may have played a role\xa0in the newer onset of further complications secondary to an irregular treatment regime.', "Behcet's disease is a chronic, idiopathic vasculitis with multisystem involvement commonly characterized by the classic triad of oral lesions, genital ulcerations, and uveitis. We discuss the case of a 22-year-old woman with a long-standing history of oral ulcers and vulvovaginal burning who presented with acute painless uveitis. With this presentation, there was an initial concern for infectious retinitis for which she was started on systemic antiviral therapy. Subsequent infectious disease workup was ultimately negative. Given her medical history and current presentation, she was diagnosed and treated for an acute inflammatory episode of ocular Behcet's disease. The patient's vision returned to baseline prior to discharge after treatment with systemic glucocorticoids. The diagnosis of Behcet's disease in the setting of painless vision loss can oftentimes be elusive. However, it is important for clinicians to keep this condition as a differential diagnosis in patients presenting with acute onset uveitis as the progression of Behcet's disease can lead to severe vision loss and blindness without prompt and adequate treatment.", "Troponin test is one of the methods for diagnosing acute coronary syndrome, but the overuse and misuse of this test has increased the costs imposed on the health system and the patients. The present study was conducted to investigate the veracity of troponin test requests for patients presenting to an emergency department with chest pain and examine the effectiveness of training emergency medicine assistants in reducing unnecessary and inappropriate requests in emergency departments. This clinical audit was conducted in the emergency department of Imam Hossein Hospital, Tehran, Iran, in 2014. Sampling was carried out using the census method and all the cases presenting to the emergency department for whom a troponin test was requested by the emergency medical assistants were included in the research. First, the veracity of the current troponin test requests was assessed; then, training was given to the personnel, and the veracity of the troponin test requests was once again verified after the training was completed. The rate of veracious troponin requests for the patients was measured based on two factors, including the interval between the patients' admission and the troponin test request, and the interval between the onset of pain and the troponin test request. The veracity of the troponin test request was compared before and after training using the Phi test and Cramer's V test in IBM SPSS-21. This study examined a total of 500 patients (250 before training and 250 after), who had a mean age of 57.65±18.15 years, including 51.6% men. Significant differences were observed between the mean time of the patients' admission and the overall and post-training troponin test results (P=0.000), and also between the mean time of the onset of pain and the overall and post-training troponin test results (P=0.000). The number of positive troponin test results did not differ significantly between the patients in either of the two stages (P=0.39). Unnecessary troponin test requests reduced significantly after this clinical audit in the examined emergency department.", "Point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) has become an essential part of the evaluation of vision loss among emergency physicians in the emergency department (ED). It is frequently used to evaluate for vitreous hemorrhage, foreign bodies, retinal detachment, optic neuritis and posterior vitreous detachment; however, it can also be used to evaluate for a central retinal artery occlusion (CRAO). A POCUS can reveal a hyperechoic density in the optic nerve sheath just proximal to the retinal surface, and this is referred to as a retrobulbar 'spot sign' (RBSS). We present the case of an 88-year-old male that presented to our community ED with a painless loss of vision to his right eye. A POCUS revealed an RBSS of the central retinal artery and he was subsequently diagnosed with a CRAO. At his 1-month follow-up, he has regained light perception and 15% of his vision, however, remains with significant visual impairment.", 'Physicians working as first-level responders in emergency departments (ED) often encounter patients, of any age group with shortness of breath (SOB). Definitive diagnosis is quite challenging once the underlying pathology is rare and unusual and/or the ED physicians recommend and rely on non-specific investigations. A 29-year-old female presented to the emergency department with sudden onset of shortness of breath and upper abdominal pain radiating to the left shoulder. Diagnosis of Bochdalek hernia was made clinically coupled with radiological findings of CXR and computed tomography (CT) by the surgeon on-call, while it was missed by an emergency care physician on her first visit. Herniation of the abdominal contents into the thoracic cavity via the Bochdalek opening, commonly known as Bochdalek hernia is seen and diagnosed most commonly accidentally in early life. Adult cases of symptomatic Bochdalek hernia has been reported in the literature. These patients usually present with non-specific symptoms, thus pose a diagnostic challenge for an emergency care physician. The report of this case highlights the notion that such rare causes of acute onset dyspnea and upper abdominal pain pose a diagnostic challenge for novice emergency care physicians especially in situations where he/she does not ask for second-line help in general and recommend and rely on a non-specific investigation in specific.']}
{'id': 32, 'question': 'In a patient diagnosed with epilepsy who presents with episodes of unresponsiveness to external stimuli, irregular movements of all four limbs, closed eyes, crying and pelvic movements, lasting five to twenty seconds and unresponsive to treatment with antiepileptic drugs, which complementary study is most likely to clarify the diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Video-EEG monitoring for diagnosis of pseudocrisis (psychogenic seizures).', '2': 'Holter ECG for diagnosis of arrhythmic heart disease.', '3': 'Routine EEG to diagnose the type of epilepsy (generalized or foc).', '4': 'Brain MRI to detect epileptogenic lesions (cortical dysplasia, tumor, medial temporal sclerosis).', '5': 'Determine capillary blood glucose for diagnosis of hypoglycemia.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['We report on seven children who developed abnormal involuntary movements as early as 1.5 years after unremarkable term births. The paroxysmal episodes of abnormal movements were typically precipitated by sudden, voluntary movements, or a startle. The clinical features in each case were consistent with the diagnosis of paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia (PKD). The episodes of abnormal movements are described. EEG was obtained in all cases, and video/electroencephalography (VEEG) monitoring was performed to exclude the possibility of epilepsy in six patients. VEEG studies revealed multiple events consistent with PKD; no ictal epileptiform discharges were recorded. The apparent benign nature of the disorder, as well as treatment options with antiepileptic drugs, was discussed with the parents, and most chose no pharmacologic treatment. We discuss clinical characteristics of PKD, treatment with anticonvulsant therapy, and recent insights into its possible pathophysiology.', 'Ballism is a kind of involuntary movement presenting as irregular but stereotyped jerking and writhing movements of the limbs with proximal dominance. The most common type is hemiballism, and bilateral ballism is extremely rare. In contrast to hemiballism with preferential involvement of the contralateral subthalamic nucleus, bilateral ballism results from diffuse lesions on both sides of the basal ganglia. Here, we present a patient in whom bilateral ballism occurred as a result of hypoglycemia. A 75-year-old man with long-standing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus had suffered recurrent episodes of paroxysmal and transient involuntary movements of all 4 limbs over a 6-week period. When he visited our hospital first, he was alert and well-oriented. Neurological examination revealed no deficits except right hemianopsia. Violent involuntary movements suddenly manifested 10 days later during MRI scans. Involuntary movements occurred in all 4 limbs, more prominently on the left side, lasted over 15 min in total, and ceased spontaneously. These movements were considered as bilateral ballism. The patient was awake, but rather confused. Serum glucose level during this attack was 25 mg/dl. Intravenous glucose was administered, and he became aware. Brain CT and MRI showed no evilence of ischemic or other basal ganglia pathology and no significant vascular lesions were detected by MR angiograhy. EEG revealed no epileptic discharges. He was admitted to our hospital and insulin dosage was adjusted. No further episodes occurred during a 6-month follow up. Our patient experienced an episode of bilateral ballism associated with documented hypoglycemia. In addition, good control of serum glucose with an appropriate insulin treatment has abolished the involuntary movement episodes described above. Conversely, the basal ganglia is known to be vulnerable to hypoglycemia, due to large metabolic demand and poor vascularization. Recurrent episodes of bilateral ballism in this case may thus have been caused by transient dysfunction of the basal ganglia due to hypoglycemia. We proposed a hypothesis to explain why the involuntary movements disappeared spontaneously.', 'Cerebral palsy is the most common cause of physical disability in early childhood. Epilepsy is known to have a high association with cerebral palsy. All types of epileptic seizures can be seen in patients with cerebral palsy. Complex partial and secondary generalized ones are the most frequent seizure types. In persons with cerebral palsy and mental retardation, the diagnosis of epilepsy presents unique difficulties. Generally they are not able to describe the epileptic events themselves, parents are not able to describe them without fear and persons trained in epilepsy witness the events only rarely. Some syndromes, such as infantile spasms. West and Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, are particularly frequent, whereas children with cerebral palsy are rarely free of epilepsy. It has been observed that epileptic seizures in children with cerebral palsy tend to have an earlier onset; they often appear in children with cerebral palsy and mental retardation; they are more severe in patients with a more severe degree of cerebral palsy. The overall outcome of seizures in children with cerebral palsy is poor, requiring prolonged course of antiepileptic medications, polytherapy with higher incidence of refractory seizures and hospital admissions for status epilepticus. The presence of a neurological deficit, as well as cerebral palsy, does not necessarily mean a poor prognosis after the discontinuation of antiepileptic drugs, but the risk of a relapse in persons with cerebral palsy is high. The objective of the paper was to show the relationship between cerebral palsy and epilepsy and to determine the occurrence, associated factors, nature and prognosis of epilepsy in children with cerebral palsy.', 'We aimed to evaluate antiepileptic drug treatment persistence and adherence in paediatric epilepsy patients and investigate the association between medication-taking behaviours and clinical outcome. Medical and prescription records of newly treated paediatric epilepsy patients, aged 1-18 years who initiated antiepileptic drug monotherapy in a tertiary teaching hospital, were retrospectively reviewed. The rates of overall treatment, non-persistence, a treatment gap &gt;60 days, and adherence, as measured by a medication possession ratio ≥0.8, were assessed. The relationship between non-adherence and clinical outcome, defined as an emergency department visit or hospitalisation due to seizure-related reasons, was analysed. A total of 1,172 patients met the inclusion criteria. The proportion of patients who were both persistent and adherent at one year was 70.14% and decreased to 56.83% at two years. Patients who started an antiepileptic drug at one year of age, took older generation antiepileptic drugs as the initial treatment, and those diagnosed with localized seizures were less likely to be adherent to and persistent with overall antiepileptic drug treatment. Patients who were non-adherent to antiepileptic drug treatment were at an increased risk of hospitalisation or emergency department visits for seizure-related reasons (adjusted HR 2.10, 95% CI 1.25-3.55). This large population study shows that 70% of paediatric epilepsy patients were persistent with and adherent to antiepileptic drugs after one year of treatment and confirms that non-adherence to antiepileptic drug treatment is an important factor in seizure-related clinical outcome.', "To introduce a new surgical procedure for treating superior limbic keratoconjunctivitis (SLK) and to suggest the association of SLK with conjunctivochalasis. Interventional case series. Six eyes of five patients with long-standing severe ocular irritation unresponsive to treatment with topical steroid and artificial tears were operated on using our new procedure. This technique consists of four steps as follows: (1) Rose bengal (RB) staining is used to localize the abnormal conjunctival area; (2) an arc-like conjunctival incision is placed from the 2 to the 10 o'clock position adjacent and distal to the RB-stained area; (3) the conjunctiva is resected to form a crescent using the arc-like incision as the base; the size of the resection is determined by conjunctival redundancy after removal of the subconjunctival connective tissue; and (4) the crescent conjunctival opening is closed with interrupted sutures. In two eyes, the new surgical procedure was performed together with surgery for inferior bulbar conjunctivochalasis. In all operated eyes, RB staining had disappeared by the end of the second postoperative week; recovery from symptoms and loss of inflammation were recorded by 1 month after treatment. In the case with the longest follow-up (14 months), there was cytologic evidence of goblet cell recovery at 3 months after the operation. In another, there was normalization of the nucleo/cytoplasmic ratio of conjunctival cells without the appearance of goblet cells. Our treatment very effectively resolved symptoms associated with SLK, even in eyes unresponsive to conventional therapy with eye drops. Considering that we did not address the diseased part of the conjunctiva but rather the adjacent conjunctival redundancy, we propose that superior bulbar conjunctivochalasis is involved in the pathogenesis of SLK."]}
{'id': 106, 'question': '2-year-old boy. His personal history includes 3 episodes of acute otitis media, 1 meningococcal meningitis and 2 pneumonias (one middle lobe and one left upper lobe). She has been admitted on 3 occasions for thrombopenic purpura (on three occasions antiplatelet antibodies were negative and bone marrow showed normal megakaryocytes). Several males of the maternal family had died in childhood due to infectious processes. Physical examination showed lesions typical of atopic dermatitis. The immunological study showed a slight decrease in T-lymphocyte subpopulations; elevated IgA and IgE; decreased IgM and IgG at the lower limit of normal. What is the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome.', '2': 'Hyper IgE syndrome.', '3': 'Transient hypogammaglobulinemia of childhood.', '4': 'X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency.', '5': 'Common variable immunodeficiency.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['A 28-year-old woman presented with a 3-year history of chronic watery diarrhoea along with abdominal pain and bloating, which could mostly be alleviated after defecation. Her symptom of diarrhoea, at least three times a day, could be relieved by neither probiotics nor antidiarrhoeal agents. She had also lost 5 kg in the last month. She denied family history, poor vaccine responses or significant infections in early childhood except for an allergy history to intravenous immunoglobulin (Ig)\xa0with immediate dyspnoea, palpitations and hypotension. Laboratory investigations suggested that the stool specimens were negative for viruses, parasites or bacteria. Laboratory evaluation revealed a low serum globulin\xa0level, 14.5\xa0(reference range, 20-30\u2009g/L); serum Ig levels were significantly abnormal: IgA\xa0&lt;0.27 (0.7-4\u2009g/L), IgM 0.24 (0.4-2.3\u2009g/L), IgG 1.3 (7-16\u2009g/L); white cell count\xa015.4×10<sup9</sup/L\xa0(3.69-9.16×10<sup9</sup/L); C-reactive protein (CRP) 20.5 (normal\xa0&lt;10\u2009mg/L); CD4+\xa0lymphocyte/CD8+\xa0lymphocyte 1.09% (1.5%-2%). Other laboratory findings were unremarkable, for\xa0example, tumour markers, autoantibodies and HIV, and so on. CT showed mesenteric nodule-like images and thickening of the wall and mucosa in small intestine. Peroral and transanal enteroscopy respectively demonstrated swelling mucosa and continuous granular lesions from duodenum to middle jejunum, and from middle ileum to terminal ileum (figure 1A-D).gutjnl;68/3/452/F1F1F1Figure 1Endoscopic images show swelling mucosa, dense nodular lesions in duodenum (A), upper jejunum (B), upper ileum (C) and terminal ileum (D). What is the most likely diagnosis?', 'The association of keratoconus and atopic disease has been reported on several occasions but the only controlled clinical study that has so far been published found no evidence to support this view. Since it is now known that atopy is often associated with changes in various immunoglobulins, particularly IgE, it was considered desirable to determine the immunological profiles of a large series of keratoconus cases in order to seek evidence for coexistence of the two conditions in one individual. In this study of 182 cases of keratoconus a definite history of atopy was found in 35% compared with 12% in the matched control group. The serum IgE was significantly raised (P less than 0.001) in keratoconus and markedly so in those cases with associated atopic disease. Serum levels of IgG and IgM were also raised, but contrary to the findings of other observers IgA levels were normal. These findings suggest that atopic traits are more common in patients with keratoconus than in general ophthalmic patients.', 'A follow-up study of 1177 adult patients who had had atopic dermatitis (AD) (Groups 1 and 2) or respiratory allergy (Group 3) in childhood is reported. Patients who had had AD in childhood had received in-patient (Group 1) or out-patient treatment (Group 2) for their dermatitis. 183 patients in Group 1 and 162 in Group 2 were examined clinically. Further, 445 patients who had recently been treated for hand eczema at a department for occupational dermatoses were studied (Group 5). A group of 199 people who had no personal or family history of atopy served as controls (Group 4). The essential findings were as follows: The healing rate was lower (38%) in patients with severe (Group 1) than in those with moderate (60%) childhood dermatitis (Group 2). Although the healing rate was comparatively low in both groups, persistent eczema was in most cases of mild degree. The commonest localization of persistent dermatitis was the hands. The AD had developed earlier in patients who had had severe childhood dermatitis than in those whose childhood AD was moderate. Severe childhood AD was also associated with a significantly higher frequency of family history of atopy and associated respiratory allergy. The inheritance pattern was specific for the different types of atopic disease. A family history of AD was significantly commoner in people with AD than in people with respiratory allergy, and, conversely, people with a family history of respiratory allergy had developed asthma or allergic rhinitis rather than AD. The serum IgE level was raised in 45% and 26% of the clinically examined individuals in Groups 1 and 2, respectively. A comparatively large proportion of patients with persistent or recurrent dermatitis had normal IgE values. There was a strong correlation between the extent of persistent dermatitis and serum IgE levels. It is concluded that the serum IgE cannot be used to establish the diagnosis of atopic dermatitis. The number of contact sensitized people was greater in Group 2 (23%) than in Group 1 (17%). Occurrence of contact sensitivity, which was demonstrable in a total of 20% of the patch tested individuals from Groups 1 and 2, was not correlated to prevalence of healing at the time of examination. Fragrance-mix and balsam of Peru were the commonest contact sensitizers. People with a history of AD showed a higher incidence of recurrent (greater than 5 episodes per year) cold sores, upper respiratory infection, and herpes zoster than non-atopic controls.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)', "The Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome is a primary immunodeficiency characterized by congenital microthrombocytopenia, eczema and recurrent infections. This paper reports the case of a 3-year-6-month male patient, whose maternal uncle died at the age of 3 months due to fulminant sepsis from a pulmonary infection. The patient was a product of the first pregnancy, he was born at 27 weeks' gestation and weighed 1,400 g. As a neonate he was hospitalized during the first 2 months of life because of a low gastrointestinal bleeding, thrombocytopenia and severe infections. In the next 4 months and before coming to our hospital the infant was hospitalized 54 times. On admission he presented disseminated dermatosis, enlarged neck lymph nodes and psychomotor retardation. Laboratory studies revealed hemoglobin 8.1 g/dL, platelets 31,000/uL, mean platelet volume 5.6 fL, IgM 39.3 mg/dL, IgA 67 mg/dL, IgG 1,380 mg/dL. On several occasions he received globular packages and platelet concentrates. The infusion of immunoglobulin G was started every 21 days. Bone marrow transplantation was delayed due to the complications that merited 13 hospitalizations and severe thrombocytopenia, low gastrointestinal bleeding, septic arthritis, infectious gastroenteritis, chronic suppurative otitis media and severe folliculitis. At the age of 4 years BMT of cord was performed, and 26 days after transplantation he presented septic shock and died. The prognosis of bone marrow transplantation in Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome and in other primary immunodeficiencies depends on the promptness of its performance at early stages in life. It is important that the first contact physicians be aware of the primary immunodeficiency signs and symptoms.", 'A 4-y-old female cynomolgus macaque presented for veterinary evaluation prior to placement in a preclinical study showed markedly low platelet counts that continued to decrease over time. Physical examination over the next several days showed areas of pale red discoloration in forelimbs, anterior thorax, and inguinal area and multifocal pinpoint areas of erythema or scabs. An area of dark red discoloration approximately 2 cm in diameter on the dorsal surface of the tongue was discovered on day 9. The macaque was euthanized, and histopathologic evaluation showed multifocal, ulcerative or erosive, hemorrhagic, lymphohistiocytic and neutrophilic glossitis and tonsillitis. The lesions on the tongue were associated with opportunistic fungi consistent with Candida albicans. The bone marrow showed megakaryocytic hyperplasia. There was no evidence of increased consumption of platelets, sequestration of platelets, or bone marrow suppression. The monkey was serologically negative for simian retrovirus, SIV, and simian T-lymphotropic virus. In light of cases reported in humans, immune-mediated destruction of platelets due to autoantibodies secondary to Candida albicans infection was considered. However, we were unable to detect antiplatelet antibodies on the platelet surface or in serum to support this etiology; therefore idiopathic thrombocytopenia was diagnosed. To our knowledge, this case represents the second reported observation of acquired thrombocytopenia in a nonhuman primate and the first reported observation in a cynomolgus macaque. ']}
{'id': 62, 'question': 'We are consulted to assess an 83-year-old woman admitted to the Trauma service for a hip fracture 6 hours ago. She has AP of hypertension, LBP, moderate dementia and lives in a nursing home. Her usual treatment is thiazide, atorvastatin, donepezil, Calcium and vitamin D. EF: Confused patient, pulse 90 bpm, respiratory rate 20 rpm, T art 170/88, jugular venous pressure normal. The CBC and chest X-ray are normal and the ECG shows sinus rhythm without ischemic alterations. Which of the following is the most correct therapeutic approach?', 'options': {'1': 'Delay surgery until the confusional picture has disappeared.', '2': 'Delay surgery and perform an echocardiogram.', '3': 'Delay surgery until good blood pressure control.', '4': 'Start a beta-blocker and initiate surgery.', '5': 'Perform closed osteosynthesis, avoiding in any case the implantation of prosthesis.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ["The Oncology Grand Rounds series is designed to place original reports published in theJournal into clinical context. A case presentation is followed by a description of diagnostic and management challenges, a review of the relevant literature, and a summary of the authors' suggested management approaches. The goal of this series is to help readers better understand how to apply the results of key studies, including those published inJournal of Clinical Oncology, to patients seen in their own clinical practice.A 78-year-old woman with a 40-pack-year smoking history has been referred for treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer. She presented with a persistent cough and worsening dyspnea on exertion. A chest x-ray followed by a chest computed tomography scan revealed a 3-cm right upper lobe mass along with a moderate-size pleural effusion. Pleural fluid cytology was positive for adenocarcinoma. A brain magnetic resonance imaging scan was negative. A reflex molecular profile, includingKRAS,EGFR,ALK,BRAF,HER2,RET,MET, andROS, did not reveal an actionable abnormality. Her past medical history includes diabetes, hypertension, and osteopenia. Her medications include a β-blocker, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, oral antidiabetic agent, calcium, and vitamin D. The laboratory evaluation is notable for a hemoglobin of 10.8 g/dL and a creatinine clearance of 36 mL/min. The other laboratories are within normal limits. She is somewhat limited by the shortness of breath but maintains an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 1. She is independent in all of her instrumental and basic activities of daily living and denies falls. She has been referred to discuss treatment options. ", 'We report our experience with the use of a self-expanding stent in the treatment of a severe innominate artery stenosis resulting in right upper limb ischemia. A 45-year-old woman was admitted for right upper limb ischemia, asymmetry of the carotid pulse and the lack of pulse in the right upper extremity. The patient had a history of chain smoking, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and acute myocardial infarction one year ago. She was diagnosed of the innominate artery stenosis by angiography one year ago at another hospital. At the time of admission her blood pressure was normal in the left arm and absent in the right upper limb. Arteriography showed a severe stenosis subocclusion of the innominate artery with an inverse flow of the ipsilateral vertebral artery. As the patient was not considered to be a surgical candidate due to instable angina, stent placement was indicated. After placement through an axillary approach an angiogram showed a patent right subclavian artery without residual stenosis. Angiographic follow-up showed a patent innominate arterial lumen two years after the procedure. The patient continued to be asymptomatic during six years follow-up. Blood pressure remained normal in both upper extremities, without any ischemic signs. Our experience indicates that placement of an endovascular stent is an effective therapeutic option in selected patients with symptomatic stenosis in the innominate artery when a surgical treatment is contraindicated.', 'We present a 39-year-old male patient with Down syndrome who was evaluated for fatigue, palpitations and bouts of cyanosis. Physical examination showed features of trisomy-21(Down syndrome), with a slow pulse rate, distant cardiac sounds and absent apex beat. He had normal jugular venous pressure without pulsus paradoxus. The ECG showed QRS microvoltage and flattened P and T segments. The 48-hour ambulatory ECG depicted normal sinus rhythm with intermittent short PR interval without tachyarrhythmias. The chest Xray revealed cardiomegaly without pulmonary venous congestion. Although serial transthoracic echocardiographic examination demonstrated pericardial effusion with features of tamponade, there were no overt signs of clinical cardiac tamponade. Biochemically, the serum thyroxine of 3 pmol/l (normal 10 to 25) and thyroid-stimulating hormone of 160 mU/l (normal 0.20 to 4.20)) were compatible with hypothyroidism. The patient was treated with L-thyroxine sodium daily, which was gradually increased to 0.125 mg daily. Within a few months he lost weight and became more alert; furthermore, the symptoms of hypothyroidism and the pericardial effusion resolved. It can be concluded that Down syndrome may be associated with hypothyroidism and pericardial effusion. These were alleviated following hormone replacement. Regular evaluation of thyroid function tests is important in Down syndrome. (Neth Heart J 2007;15:67-70.).', 'A 49 year old Afro-Caribbean woman presents to A&amp;E after a 30 minute episode of severe, burning central chest pain radiating to the throat. When she had the pain she felt cold and sweaty but is now symptom-free. Episodes of a similar but less severe pain had occurred daily for the previous 10 days, predominantly at rest but also when climbing the stairs at home. The patient has multiple risk factors for coronary disease (including type II diabetes, hypertension, and being a smoker), but the clinical presentation is not absolutely typical for coronary artery disease and the initial ECG is normal. There is also a history from the patient of an exercise stress test one week before, which she believed to be normal. The significance of these signs and symptoms, the diagnosis, and the short and long term treatment of these problems are discussed in an interactive case presentation.', 'Dextromethorphan (DXM) has unique toxicity that may be difficult to diagnose. We present a case of a young woman who presented to our emergency department (ED) initially diagnosed with recurrent seizures. Paramedics brought a 19-year-old woman to the ED. Witnesses noted "shaking," which the patient did not recall. The patient denied fever, antecedent trauma, or neurological complaint. She was recently administered lamotrigine for bipolar disorder. She was a former alcoholic with no history of developing withdrawal. She admitted to marijuana use but denied use of any other illicit substances. Her vital signs and physical examination were unremarkable. She had a normal brain computed tomography, electrocardiogram, and laboratory evaluation. There was no alcohol detected. Her urine drug screen was negative for opiates, benzodiazepines, cocaine, amphetamines, barbiturates, phencyclidine, and tricyclic antidepressants. She was diagnosed with new-onset seizure and discharged home. No abnormalities were seen in the brain magnetic resonance imaging scan and electroencephalogram. She was scheduled for a cardiac syncope workup, but never followed through. Two months later, she presented to the hospital again for a similar complaint. Coworkers reported witnessing sudden tonic-clonic movements and confusion. On ED presentation, the patient was tachycardic with a heart rate of 110 beats/min and had horizontal nystagmus. She was alert with a flat affect. She did not recall events but answered questions appropriately. Repeat radiographic and laboratory evaluations were normal including urine drug screen and computed tomography. Upon questioning, she admitted to abusing DXM for the past several months. A serum DXM level at this time was 988.3 ng/mL. She was admitted to the hospital for 24 hours without sequelae. All further diagnostic testing was cancelled, and she was referred to a drug rehabilitation program. Abuse of DXM is increasing in incidence. The serum level of our patient was almost 10-fold greater than the reported therapeutic level. The toxicity of DXM is unique, and abuse should be considered in all patients presenting to the ED with new-onset seizure. Dextromethorphan abuse should be considered in young adults who present with previously undiagnosed seizure activity.']}
{'id': 592, 'question': 'A 40-year-old woman consults because she has noticed a lump in the superoexternal quadrant of the right breast for the past month. She provides a mammography report describing a BIRADS 3 lesion. What is the best course of action?', 'options': {'1': 'Reassure him, since an imaging test has already been done and malignancy has been ruled out.', '2': 'This classification probably implies surgery since the probability of cancer is greater than 10%. He explains it to you and refers you preferentially to the Breast Unit.', '3': 'This is a probably benign finding, since there is less than a 2% chance of cancer. He explains that it requires follow-up every 6-12 months until 24 months or a biopsy.', '4': 'The findings are of low suspicion of cancer (between 2 and 10 %) but a biopsy is necessary.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Spontaneous infarction of fibroadenoma is an extremely rare complication in a nonpregnant/nonlactating female undergoing first-time aspiration. It can be misdiagnosed as carcinoma in all aspects of triple approach used for evaluation of patients with breast lesions. A 37-year-old woman presented to the outpatient surgical clinic with a 6-month history of a breast lump that was slowly increasing in size and had become painful during the past month. There was no history of any trauma or fine needle aspiration, and she was not pregnant or lactating. Mammogram and ultrasound revealed a 2.9-cm heterogenous hypoechoic suspicious lesion. No lymph nodes were detected in the axilla. Fine needle aspiration cytology was performed, and a diagnosis of benign breast lesion with features of infarction was rendered on cytology. The lump was excised surgically, and a histological diagnosis of infarcted fibroadenoma was made. Careful and diligent search for preserved benign epithelial cells on smears is the key to recognize this entity and avoid serious therapeutic implications.', 'Hamartomas of the breast are benign tumors composed primarily of dense, fibrous tissue with variable amounts of fat and associated ducts. A 48-year-old woman had noted a lump in her right breast for a number of years. She came to our clinics because of the recent progressive enlargement of this lump. Physical examination revealed a large, mobile, round, painless mass in the lower inner quadrant of the right breast. There were no palpable axillary lymph nodes. Mammography showed a circumscribed, 4.5 x 2.5 cm mass with a radiolucent periphery and moderately radiopaque center. On the basis of the clinical and mammographic findings, hamartoma of the breast was highly suspected. A lumpectomy was performed and histological examination of the specimen revealed overgrowth of mammary lobules and ductules, forming a well-circumscribed lesion with admixed fat tissue. Hamartoma of the breast was confirmed. With the awareness of this entity and good correlation of imaging findings, the clinical diagnosis of hamartoma of the breast should not be difficult. If careful attention is paid to the clinical information, histological underdiagnosis of hamartoma of the breast can be avoided.', 'Microglandular adenosis (MGA) of the breast is a very rare and benign proliferative lesion. Most patients complain of a palpable breast mass that may arouse a clinical suspicion of breast cancer. Histopathologically, it is hard to distinguish MGA from breast cancer because of the lack of a myoepithelial layer and infiltrative proliferation. Several studies have reported a strong relationship between MGA and carcinoma arising in MGA, so the mass should be excised completely in cases of MGA determined from a core needle biopsy rather than observation. A 72-years-old woman presented with a palpable breast mass. On physical examination, a mass was palpable in the right upper outer quadrant area and somewhat fixed to the surrounding tissues and pectoralis major muscle. We could not detect any mass or dense lesion on mammography because of a grade 4 dense breast. Ultrasonographic findings revealed a low echoic lesion with indistinct margins. The result of a core needle biopsy was MGA, which was confirmed by excision. We report one case of MGA, which was believed to breast cancer clinically.', 'The development of a retroperitoneal hematoma is a rare complication in gynecologic surgery. The literature on the condition is largely in the form of case reports describing its occurrence in relation to vaginal procedures. We report the case of a 40-year-old woman who had acute delayed-onset postoperative hemorrhage and retroperitoneal hematoma formation following an uncomplicated anterior colporrhaphy. She re-presented to the hospital several hours after discharge, with severe pain and vaginal bleeding. On imaging, she was found to have a large pelvic hematoma that was displacing the uterus, with extraperitoneal free fluid and active contrast extravasation. She underwent resuscitation and successful coil embolization of a small branch of the right uterine artery. This case report adds to the body of literature on the occurrence of retroperitoneal hematoma in vaginal surgery and underscores the importance of maintaining a high index of suspicion in individuals presenting with signs or symptoms suggestive of this diagnosis.', "A breast lump is the most commonly presenting complaint given by GPs when making a referral to the local breast unit. This does not necessarily mean that this was the breast symptom for which the woman consulted her GP. This study aimed to assess the accuracy of women and their GPs in detecting true breast lumps. Between October 2008 and March 2009, the patients' symptoms, the signs elicited by the GP and the examination findings of the specialist breast clinician (BC) were recorded and compared for every consecutive new referral to the symptomatic breast clinic. A true lump was considered to present if it was detectable by the BC. Of the 282 referrals, 228 (81%) were for a lump. Women were 95% sensitive and 59% specific in detecting a true lump. GPs were 98% sensitive and 34% specific. Forty-six patients were referred by their GP with a lump but denied that one was present in themselves. Cancer was diagnosed in four of these women, three of whom suffered from dementia. Patients' and GPs' breast assessments are highly sensitive in detecting breast lumps. The specificity of GPs' assessments is low. The results reflect the high level of awareness that breast cancer usually presents as a lump and the priority given to not missing cancer. In the subgroup of cognitively unimpaired women referred with a lump, but who themselves deny that one is present, the patient will be correct and the GP incorrect in their assessment in 96% and 95% of patients respectively. If a woman consults her GP with breast symptoms, but has not found a lump, it is safe for her GP not to find one either. Such patients can be reassured and reviewed after a month with a view to referral, if symptoms persist."]}
{'id': 26, 'question': 'An immunodeficient patient who presents a pneumonia with meniscus halo sign or crescentic contour on chest X-ray/CT suggests infection by a microorganism:', 'options': {'1': 'Staphylococcus aureus.', '2': 'Streptococcus pneumoniae.', '3': 'Candida albicans.', '4': 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa.', '5': 'Aspergillus fumigatus.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['To evaluate the computed tomographic (CT) features of Q fever pneumonia. The authors retrospectively reviewed the chest radiographs and CT scans obtained in 12 patients, who were selected on the basis of chest CT availability from a group of patients with a definite diagnosis of acute Q fever infection during an 8.5-year period. In all cases, CT depicted lesions indicative of airspace involvement, which was expressed as lobar (n = 3), segmental (n = 3), patchy (n = 3), or a combination of these patterns (n = 3). Involvement of more than one lobe was observed in seven (58%) patients. In one patient with multiple patchy areas of consolidation, nodular lesions with a vascular connection and a halo of ground-glass opacity, which were suggestive of an angioinvasive process, were demonstrated. In addition, CT performed in a patient with acute Coxiella burnetii infection who abused alcohol revealed necrotizing pneumonia. Pleural effusions were seen at both CT and radiography in three patients, and mild lymph node enlargement in isolated regions was seen at CT in four patients. Chest radiography was less accurate than CT in the detection of segmental and patchy areas of consolidation. The typical CT findings of Q fever pneumonia consisted mainly of multilobar airspace consolidation. A nodular pattern accompanied by a halo of ground-glass opacification and vessel connection, and necrotizing pneumonia in the setting of impaired immunity were less frequent.', "To describe a funduscopic sign that can be used to differentiate between optic disc drusen (ODD) and optic disc oedema (ODE). A total of 73 eyes from 73 consecutive subjects with disc margin blurring who had been evaluated using spectral-domain optical coherence tomography (SD-OCT) were included. Final diagnosis was made by SD-OCT; ODD was defined by direct visualization of ODD, while ODE was defined by documentation of retinal nerve fibre layer oedema (nasal retinal nerve fibre layer thickness &gt;78.0\xa0μm). Peripapillary retina was selected as a two-disc-diameter-sized square image from the fundus photograph. Using MATLAB software, colour photographs were converted to indexed image of eight colours. Presence of a smooth contour strip between the nasal disc margin and juxtapapillary retina was defined as a halo. Whether the halo could predict the ODD was analysed retrospectively. The halo sign was detected in 45 eyes (100%) with ODD including one eye with both ODD and ODE. No eyes with ODE alone showed the halo sign. The halo sign implied the presence of ODD (Cohen's kappa\xa0=\xa01.000, p\xa0&lt;\xa00.001) and the absence of ODE (Cohen's kappa\xa0=\xa00.971, p\xa0&lt;\xa00.001). The halo sign showed a good interobserver reliability [ICC (2, 1)\xa0=\xa00.944, 95% confidence interval 0.912-0.964]. SD-OCT images showed that halos represented retinal elevations above ODD. In the patients with blurred disc margin, the presence of a halo strongly suggested underlying ODD rather than ODE.", 'Intravascular large B cell lymphoma (IVLBCL) is a rare type of extranodal diffused large B-cell lymphoma. IVLBCL with primary lung lesion is very rare and it is very difficult to diagnose. Radiographic findings of pulmonary IVLBCL are nonspecific and resembling interstitial lung diseases. Reversed halo sign (RHS) was initially reported in patients diagnosed with cryptogenic organizing pneumonia and then described in a variety of diseases with inflammatory, infectious, autoimmune, and malignant causes. This is the first case of IVLBCL that has presented with RHSs on CT scan.A 59-year-old Chinese man presented with a 4-month history of a nonproductive cough and a weight loss of 5\u200akg. Physical examination was unremarkable. High-resolution computed tomography scan of the chest showed bilateral patchy ground glass opacities (GGOs) and RHSs. Laboratory tests were unremarkable except elevated serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). Surgical lung biopsy was performed. Light microscopic examination of the specimen disclosed diffuse alveolar septal widening caused by neoplastic lymphocytes, which were positive for CD20 and infiltrated in the alveolar capillaries. The patient was diagnosed with IVLBCL and underwent chemotherapy and autologous blood stem cell transplantation. The patient is still alive 5 years after diagnosis.IVLBCL is a rare cause of RHS and should be considered in differential diagnosis of RHS. An increased serum LDH concentration is another important clue. ', 'Thorax computed tomography (CT) imaging is widely used as a diagnostic method in the diagnosis of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)-related pneumonia. Radiological differential diagnosis and isolation of other viral agents causing pneumonia in patients have gained importance, particularly during the pandemic. We aimed to investigate whether there is a difference between CT images from patients with COVID-19-associated pneumonia compared to CT images of patients with pneumonia due to other viral agents and which finding may be more effective in diagnosis. <iStudy Design</i. The study included 249 adult patients with pneumonia identified by thorax CT examination and with a positive COVID-19 RT-PCR test compared to 94 patients diagnosed with non-COVID-19 pneumonia (viral PCR positive but no bacterial or fungal agents detected in other cultures) between 2015 and 2019. CT images were retrospectively analyzed using the PACS system. CT findings were evaluated by two radiologists with 5 and 20 years of experience, in a blinded fashion, and the outcome was decided by consensus. Demographic data (age, gender, and known chronic disease) and CT imaging findings (percentage of involvement, number of lesions, distribution preference, dominant pattern, ground-glass opacity distribution pattern, nodule, tree in bud sign, interstitial changes, crazy paving sign, reversed halo sign, vacuolar sign, halo sign, vascular enlargement, linear opacities, traction bronchiectasis, peribronchial wall thickness, air trapping, pleural retraction, pleural effusion, pericardial effusion, cavitation, mediastinal/hilar lymphadenopathy, dominant lesion size, consolidation, subpleural curvilinear opacities, air bronchogram, and pleural thickening) of the patients were evaluated. CT findings were also evaluated with the RSNA consensus guideline and the CORADS scoring system. Data were divided into two main groups-non-COVID-19 and COVID-19 pneumonia-and compared statistically with chi-squared tests and multiple regression analysis of independent variables. RSNA and CORADS classifications of CT scan images were able to successfully differentiate between positive and negative COVID-19 pneumonia patients. Statistically significant differences were found between the two patient groups in various categories including the percentage of involvement, number of lesions, distribution preference, dominant pattern, nodule, tree in bud, interstitial changes, crazy paving, reverse halo vascular enlargement, peribronchial wall thickness, air trapping, pleural retraction, pleural/pericardial effusion, cavitation, and mediastinal/hilar lymphadenopathy (<ip</i &lt; 0.01). Multiple linear regression analysis of independent variables found a significant effect in reverse halo sign (<iβ</i\u2009=\u20090.097, <ip</i &lt; 0.05) and pleural effusion (<iβ</i\u2009=\u200910.631, <ip</i &lt; 0.05) on COVID-19 pneumonia patients. The presence of reverse halo and absence of pleural effusion was found to be characteristic of COVID-19 pneumonia and therefore a reliable diagnostic tool to differentiate it from non-COVID-19 pneumonia.', 'The meniscus comma sign has been described for displaced flap tears of the meniscus. These meniscus tears are displaced into the tibia or femoral recesses and can be often difficult to diagnose intraoperatively. We describe the technique of diagnosis and treatment of a large displaced lateral meniscus flap tear, presenting as a meniscus comma sign. The identification of the meniscus comma sign on consecutive magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) cuts suggest a flap tear of a significant size that indicates reparability. The technique would be to lift the meniscus flap from the meniscotibial recess, reduce it and then repair it with an all-inside meniscus repair or by hybrid meniscus repair techniques.']}
{'id': 435, 'question': 'A 45-year-old man consults for a productive cough, pleuritic pain in the right flank and fever of 48 h of evolution. He has a baseline O2 saturation of 88% and rales in the right base. Chest X-ray shows a right basal consolidation. She has a history of HIV infection well controlled with antiretroviral drugs (CD4 lymphocytes 550 ce/uL and undetectable HIV viral load). Which of the following empirical antimicrobial treatments do you consider most appropriate?', 'options': {'1': 'Cefiriaxone 2 g and azithromycin 500 mg every 24 hours.', '2': 'Cefiriaxone 2 g, azithrornicin 500 mg every 24 h and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole 5 mg/kg/8 h (based on trimethoprim doses).', '3': 'Methyl-prednisolone 40 mg/day, cefiriaxone 2 g IV 124 h and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole 5 mg/kg/8 h (based on trimethoprim doses).', '4': 'Meropenem I g/8 h and vancomycin I g/l2 h.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['A 72-year-old Chinese man presented with a 5-month history of chronic dry cough, weight loss, and progressive dyspnea. There was no associated hemoptysis, hoarseness, epistaxis, or fever on systemic review. He was a nonsmoker and had no family history of malignancy. He was treated for pulmonary TB 40 years ago. A chest radiograph (Fig 1) showed mass-like consolidation in the right midzone with loss of the right hilar border, a small right pleural effusion, and bi-apical scarring. On physical examination, he was afebrile and normotensive, and he had pulse oxygen saturation of 97%. Examination of the chest was remarkable only for reduced breath sounds over the right chest. He did not have digital clubbing, distended neck veins, or cervical lymphadenopathy.', 'We report a case of a 43-year-old female who presented with a history of recurrent productive cough, since her teenage years. Her associated symptoms included dyspnoea, occasional pleuritic chest pain and rarely, constitutional symptoms. Treated numerous times for lower respiratory tract infections, her symptoms would improve after antimicrobial therapy, but always recurred. She had a background of HIV infection and was virologically suppressed on antiretroviral therapy for nine years. Investigations revealed an active pseudomonas infection and high-resolution computed tomography scan (HRCT) and bronchoscopy confirmed features of Mounier-Kuhn syndrome. The patient was treated accordingly with positive airway pressure, mucolytic agents and chest physiotherapy aimed at aiding mucus clearance and received pneumococcal and influenza vaccines. Mounier-Kuhn syndrome, though rare, should be considered in the differential diagnosis of patients with recurrent lower respiratory tract infections. In Africa, more cases may be identified and treated appropriately with timely investigation and treatment.', 'A case of primary carcinoma in situ of the ureter in a 77-year-old man is reported. The patient had been to another hospital with right flank pain and macroscopic hematuria. Ultrasound sonogram showed right hydronephrosis. An excretory urogram showed right hydronephrosis and stenosis of right ureter. He was referred to our hospital for further evaluation and treatment. Retrograde pyelogram demonstrated a right ureteral stricture at the level of S1-2, but no space occupying lesion was detected in the ureter. Cytology of voided urine was negative for malignant cells and no other abnormal findings were present. Probe laparotomy was performed under the preoperative diagnosis of ureteral stricture. During the operation, frozen section examination of the stenotic ureter showed carcinoma in situ and so we performed right total nephroureterectomy with a bladder cuff. Pathologic diagnosis was primary carcinoma in situ of the right ureter. The patient has been doing well for six months postoperatively with no evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.', 'Pleuropulmonary <iSamonella</i infections are very rare and are associated with high mortality. We present a case of empyema to <iSalmonella</i in an 83-year-old male patient, with uncontrolled hematological disease. The patient presented with a one-week history of fever, productive cough with purulent sputum, dyspnea, and pleuritic pain localized to the right hemithorax. He denied having nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. No history of smoking or respiratory diseases. Chest imaging showed a right loculated pleural effusion with adjacent parenchymal consolidation. Blood test revealed anemia without leukocytosis with elevated C-reactive protein (36.2 mg/dL). A chest tube was placed, with drainage of purulent fluid and empiric antibiotic therapy with ceftriaxone and clindamycin was started. Pleural fluid and blood cultures were positive for <iSalmonella</i serotype Enteritidis. The stool cultures were negative. Due to slow improvement, clindamycin was suspended and ciprofloxacin was initiated. The patient showed clinical and laboratory improvement. After seven weeks of antibiotic therapy, he presented with negative blood cultures and significant imaging improvement. The patient was discharged. This case describes a positive outcome in an unusual infection with a high mortality caused by non-typhoid <iSalmonella</i.', 'A 27-year-old man was admitted to our hospital due to a painful mass in the right neck and fever. Cervical and superior mediastinal computed tomography showed an enlargement of right supraclavicular lymph node and multiple swollen mediastinal lymph nodes, including low-density areas and contrast medium-enhanced septa and margins. Smears of the pus obtained from right supraclavicular lymph node showed acidfast bacilli identified as Mycobacterium tuberculosis by PCR method. He was treated with antituberculous drugs with INH, RFP, EB, and PZA. PZA was given for initial two months. Six months later, productive cough developed and chest X-ray films showed infiltrative shadow in the right upper lung field. One month after the onset of cough, bronchoscopy revealed a polypoid lesion with a white coating in the right main bronchus. Microscopic examination of the specimen obtained by transbrochial biopsy revealed many epithelioid cell granulomas, consistent with tuberculosis. From these findings, pulmonary lesion was suggested to be due to invasion of the mediastinal lymph node into the bronchus. After one year of antituberculous chemotherapy, the swelling of the cervical-mediastinal lymph nodes was reduced and the abnormal chest X-ray shadows disappeared.']}
{'id': 474, 'question': 'A 70-year-old woman, diabetic and hypertensive, who suffers a fall at home, presenting a 9 cm wound communicating with a fracture site of the right tibia. Radiographically, a short oblique fracture of the mid-distal third of the tibia was observed. An emergency operation was performed by cleaning (Friederich) and placement of an endomedullary steel-plated nail. At 11 months he presents with atrophic pseudarthrosis of the tibia with suppuration in the wound area. What will be his best immediate therapeutic option?', 'options': {'1': 'Triple antibiotherapy (gram-positive, gram-negative and anaerobic) and cleaning of the surgical wound, removing the distal locks to promote bone consolidation.', '2': 'Expectant attitude and antibiotic treatment with quinolones.', '3': 'Autologous graft and growth factors (BMP 2 and 7) to stimulate the bone consolidation process, which is slowing.', '4': 'Removal of the nail, debridement, placement of external fixator and antibiotherapy adjusted to culture results.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['This video demonstrates the technique of posterolateral bone grafting with iliac crest bone graft for a distal tibial nonunion. The patient is a 42-year-old man who is 6 months status post an open distal tibia-fibula fracture treated surgically, and presents complaints of persistent right ankle pain. The fracture site was tender to palpation, and 3 consecutive plain radiographs spaced 6 weeks apart demonstrated no evidence of callus formation. This patient was indicated for posterolateral bone grafting of his tibia and fibula nonunion with autogenous iliac crest bone graft. The plan was to create a synostosis between the fibula and tibia. Atrophic and oligotrophic nonunions have poor biology at the fracture site to promote bone growth and would therefore benefit from autogenous iliac bone graft, as this technique is osteoinductive, osteoconductive, and osteogenic stem cells. Indications for posterolateral bone grafting of the tibia include atrophic or oligotrophic nonunions, an ipsilateral same level tibia and fibula nonunion, or a tibial nonunion with a large anteromedial soft-tissue injury. The technique of posterolateral bone grafting with iliac crest bone graft for distal third tibia and fibula atrophic nonunion provides a reliable method for achieving union. If patients with injuries at high risk of nonunion are followed closely and intervention is performed in a timely manner, additional fixation or revision of fixation is not necessary if the addition of appropriate osteoinductive, osteoconductive, and osteogenic material to the nonunion is performed.', 'Tibial non-union with deformity in abnormal bone is rarely reported in literature. We report a case of a 65 years old male with a history of achondroplasia. The patient presented after a mechanical fall with an undisplaced right midshaft tibia fracture associated with pre-existing varus and procurvatum tibial deformities, which was initially managed non-operatively. However, after nine months he developed a painful non-union. Because of the symptomatic non-union as well as the pre-existing deformities, osteotomy of the tibia and fibula was performed with the application of a Truelok-Hexapod (TL-Hex, Orthofix) frame. We were able to achieve compression at the fracture site, and the software guided TL-Hex frame enabled gradual three-dimensional correction of the deformity. At six months, bony union and simultaneous correction of the tibia deformity were achieved. At two years, the patient was able to ambulate well without pain and perform his activities of daily living. We present a case of tibial non-union with pre-existing deformity in an achondroplasia patient successfully treated with a circular frame application.', 'The authors present a previously unreported case of an open fracture of the distal tibia and fibula with associated Achilles tendon rupture in a 27-year-old motorcyclist. Management followed established trauma principles of wound exploration, debridement, and stabilization of the fracture with reamed locked intramedullary nailing of the tibia. The injury to the Achilles tendon was not identified until surgical exploration for fixation of the fracture. This required a 2-stage operative approach, involving initial debridement and fracture fixation followed by Achilles tendon repair during the second-look wound review procedure. The authors believe this to be the first reported case of Achilles tendon rupture in association with an open transverse distal tibia fracture. Prior to surgical exploration of the wound, Achilles tendon rupture was not suspected, emphasizing the need for clinical suspicion, thorough examination, and adequate wound exploration at operation for fracture fixation.', 'Arterial injury/entrapment is an uncommon sequelae of long bone fractures, particularly in closed injuries. The proximity of the anterior tibial artery to the distal tibia poses a risk of entrapment with a fracture at this level. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case report of a partial nonunion due to entrapment of the anterior tibial artery in a healed tibia fracture in a pediatric patient. We describe a case of a 16-year-old male who presented with leg pain 2 years after a left distal third oblique tibia fracture. The fracture was initially treated non-operatively with excellent alignment. He did well for many months and returned to playing football with some vague persistent discomfort in his leg. Two years after the original injury, he was hit while playing football and started experiencing increasing left leg pain. The subsequent evaluation and findings are outlined here. This is an original case report of an adolescent patient with a partial tibial nonunion requiring surgical intervention. Possible entrapment of neurovascular structures should be considered when managing these patients following injury.', 'Bosworth fracture-dislocation of ankle is a rare and irreducible type of ankle injury, with a high incidence of complication. This type of fracture was defined originally as entrapment of the proximal fragment of the fibula behind the posterior tubercle of the distal tibia. Recently, many variants of this type of fracture dislocation have been reported, but all of those reports included the syndesmosis ligament injury of ankle. Here, we report a case of a particularly rare variant of Bosworth fracture-dislocation without syndesmosis ligament injury of ankle. A 48-year-old male presented with a Bosworth fracture dislocation with entrapment of proximal fragment behind the tibia. After temporary treatment in emergency department was applied, emergency open reduction and internal fixation with a plate and screws was performed due to irreducibility of the fracture fragment. The fractured lateral malleolus was entrapped behind the tibia and rupture of the interosseous ligament was found intraoperatively. The anterior inferior tibiofibular ligament, a part of syndesmosis ligament of ankle, was grossly intact and no abnormal findings was seen by fluoroscopy with external rotational stress. Moreover, the deltoid ligament was found to be normal in ultrasonography. There were no complications after surgery and the patient showed full functional recovery at 2 years follow up. These fractures will frequently be irreducible and should be considered for open reduction and internal fixation with the careful evaluation of injury mechanisms with syndesmotic stability.']}
{'id': 17, 'question': 'A 14-year-old female patient in good general condition presents since 4 days ago a very pruritic generalized cutaneous eruption formed by erythematous-edematous plaques between 2 and 15 cm in diameter without desquamation with a tendency to acquire an annular morphology that individually disappear in less than 24 hours. The mucous membranes are respected. Your first diagnostic impression would be:', 'options': {'1': 'Urticaria.', '2': 'Rubella.', '3': 'Toxicoderma.', '4': 'Staphylococcal toxic shock.', '5': 'Scabies.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis (AGEP) is a rare drug eruption presenting with an acute, extensive formation of nonfollicular sterile pustules on an erythematous and edematous base. Typically, the rash is accompanied by fever and leukocytosis, with spontaneous resolution in &lt; 15 days. The incidence of AGEP is estimated at one to five cases per million people per year. Only 18% of these are from nonantibiotics. Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is an antimalarial agent that is also used to treat various dermatologic and rheumatologic conditions. We report the first observation in Canada of a patient with AGEP induced by HCQ. AGEP was diagnosed in a 48-year-old female who had been taking HCQ for 2 weeks and then developed a diffuse erythematous and edematous pustular eruption. Clinical and pathologic findings were consistent with a diagnosis of AGEP. The patient was treated with steroids and supportive measures. The rash resolved after 18 days and a complicated course in hospital. AGEP is a rare drug eruption, usually to antibiotics. We report the first case in Canada of AGEP as an adverse reaction to HCQ. Clinicians should keep in mind the possibility of this severe skin eruption.', 'The clinical and histopathologic features of actinic lichen planus in 16 patients were studied. The majority of the patients were young, and men and women were almost equally affected. The relative incidence of this condition, compared with the incidence of all forms of lichen planus, was smaller than that reported in the literature. The eruption was distributed over sun-exposed areas, with particular predilection for the face. Covered areas and mucous membranes were spared except for one patient who had involvement of the vermilion border of the lower lip. In most cases the lesions consisted of erythematous brownish plaques with an annular configuration. Less commonly, discrete and confluent papules and hypermelanotic patches, sometimes assuming a melasma-like appearance, were present. The prominent histopathologic features consisted of an interface dermatitis characterized by coarse vacuolar degeneration of the basal cell layer, a mid-dermal perivascular predominantly lymphocytic inflammatory cell infiltrate, and a significant degree of pigment incontinence. Parakeratosis, eczematous changes confined to the follicular epithelium, and a variable degree of solar elastosis were seen in some patients. Mucin deposition was noted in the reticular dermis in two cases.', 'A 64-year-old man developed a severe generalized pruritic morbilliform skin eruption, fever, eosinophilia, atypical lymphocytosis, and liver dysfunction 30 days after ingestion of mexiletine, a sodium channel blocker, prescribed to treat postherpetic neuralgia. Following intravenous dexamethasone, body temperature normalized the next day. However, the skin eruption did not disappear completely for 4 weeks. The patch test was positive for mexiletine. Clinical features and the result of patch test indicated that the patient developed hypersensitivity syndrome, a severe adverse cutaneous drug reaction, caused by mexiletine. We propose that mexiletine be added to the list of drugs that can cause severe adverse cutaneous drug reactions and that patients receiving mexiletine be warned to stop taking the drug immediately if a skin eruption occurs.', 'The nosological status of major depression with mood-congruent psychotic features was explored by a cross-sectional demographic, clinical and biological assessment and a 7-year prospective follow-up of 2 samples of patients fulfilling, respectively, DSM-III criteria for this condition and for major depression without psychotic features. The 2 patient groups did not differ with respect to demographic and historical features, response to DST and outcome. The global severity of the index episode was greater in psychotics. All nonpsychotics and 69% of psychotics were treated with antidepressants alone or in combination with benzodiazepines, whereas the addition of neuroleptics was required only in 31% of psychotics. A tendency towards an interepisodic diagnostic stability was verified in nonpsychotics more than in psychotics, but was less pronounced than that reported by the authors advocating the nosological autonomy of delusional depression. These data support the view that major depression with mood-congruent psychotic features is not a distinct diagnostic entity, but rather a more severe depressive subtype.', "Treatment with antitumor necrosis factor-alpha (anti-TNF-α) offers a significant improvement in several immune-based diseases, including Crohn's disease (CD) and psoriasis. Different cutaneous side effects have been described for anti-TNF-α therapy such as psoriasis. Previous reports showed that inhibition of TNF-α can induce over expression of cutaneous IFN-α, which in turn caused a predisposition to psoriasis. We report a 31-year-old woman with extensive CD and perianal lesions, without response to conventional treatment. She paradoxically developed a cutaneous eruption with psoriasiform morphology and distribution during treatment with both anti-TNF-α approved in Europe for CD, infliximab and adalimumab. These lesions cleared after topical application of corticosteroids and cessation of the anti-TNF-α treatment. Due to uneffectiveness of pharmacological treatment on disease, the patient had to undergo surgery. TNF-induced psoriasis in patients with CD is rare and has been previously documented with infliximab or adalimumab. The reason for this apparently paradoxical effect of the therapy is still unclear. This is the first case of psoriasis induced first by infliximab and later by adalimumab in the same CD patient. We would like to review and to draw attention about psoriasis as a cutaneous side effect with anti-TNF-α treatments."]}
{'id': 425, 'question': 'A 34-year-old woman is admitted for polyuria and polydipsia. In the first 24 hours of admission a diuresis of 8.2 liters is found and a blood test shows a glycemia of 96 mg/dL, natremia of 148 mEq/L and plasma osmolality of 309 mOsm/kg with urinary osmolality of 89 mOsmlkg. What diagnostic test should be performed next?', 'options': {'1': 'Hypertonic saline infusion test for serial determination of antidiuretic hormone.', '2': 'Dehydration test (Miller test).', '3': 'Administration of desmopressin with serial monitoring of urine osmolality.', '4': 'Determination of antidiuretic hormone in plasma.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Polyuria due to a glucose-induced osmotic diuresis is common in patients with hyperglycemia. This diuresis usually abates when the plasma glucose level approaches its renal threshold; the usual time course is less than 8 hours after commencing therapy. A 69-year-old man with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus maintained hyperglycemia (540 mg/dL) and polyuria (4.7 L/24 hr) for 40 hours. Because there was no external supply of glucose, a balance study was conducted between the third and 40th hour after commencing treatment. In this interval, the overall concentration of glucose in the urine was less than 100 mmol/L and the urine osmolality was 378 mOsm/kg H2O. To evaluate the expected composition of the urine during a glucose-induced osmotic diuresis, urine was analyzed in normal rats infused with glucose plus urea and in untreated BB diabetic rats (plasma glucose and urea similar to that in our patient) as well as in 29 patients with hyperglycemia and polyuria. Glucose accounted for 60% of the urinary osmoles in rats and humans. Two subgroups of patients had a much lower urine glucose: one had an impaired concentrating ability (n = 6) and the other had an increased rate of renal glucose reabsorption (n = 5). In conclusion, in polyuria caused by hyperglycemia, the urine glucose should be 300 to 400 mmol/L with normal renal function. In the case we report, both the concentration of glucose and its excretion rate were much lower than expected with steady-state hyperglycemia (540 mg/dL) due to the high rate of excretion of NaCl, a concentrating defect, and excessive renal reabsorption of glucose.', 'Because renal water retention is a complication of cirrhosis, niravoline (RU 51,599), a novel kappa (kappa) opioid receptor agonist which is known to cause a water diuresis under normal conditions, may be useful in the therapy of chronic liver diseases. Thus, the present study examined the effects of niravoline on renal function in rats with cirrhosis. Urine was collected during the 2 h period following the administration of vehicle (saline) in one groups of animals or niravoline (3 mg/kg, i.v.) in another group. Urinary and plasma osmolality were measured prior to and 2 h after niravoline in a third group of animals. Urine flow and natraemia were significantly higher after niravoline (147 +/- 12 microL/min and 153 +/- 2 mmol/L, respectively) than after vehicle (27 +/- 7 microL/min and 146 +/- 1 mmol/L, respectively). Niravoline significantly decreased urinary osmolality and significantly increased plasma osmolality and free water clearance. This substance did not significantly change urinary sodium excretion. In conclusion, this study shows that niravoline, a kappa opioid receptor agonist, induced a water diuresis in rats with cirrhosis.', '. The effect of intra-arterial prostaglandin  E1 (PGE1) infusion on urinary kallikrein, sodium, potassium and water excretion was studied in normal anaesthetized dogs. 2. Infusion of PGE1 caused a dose-related increase in urinary excretion of kallikrein, sodium, potassium and water as well as an increase in renal blood flow (R.B.F.) and a fall in urinary osmolality and renal vascular resistance. 3. The changes occurred in the absence of appreciable changes in inulin clearance (Cin), arterial blood pressure, haematocrit, and plasma sodium and potassium concentrations. 4. The increased urinary kallikrein excretion correlated positively with  the natriuresis, diuresis and kaliuresis and the increase in renal blood flow, but negatively with the urinary osmolality and renal vascular resistance. 5. It is concluded that renal kallikrein is involved in the renal response to arterial infusion of PGE1.', 'We have recently reported a large cluster of patients with nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI) due to an autosomal recessive aquaporin-2 (AQP-2) early-stop codon. This paper describes the clinical manifestations and evaluation of therapeutic approaches to this new entity. Nine patients with an AQP-2 mutation were studied. Urine osmolality was measured in five patients before and at 3 x 30 min intervals after desmopressin given in increasing doses of 5-100 micrograms. Urinary prostaglandins PGE2 and 6-keto PGF1 alpha, were extracted from 24-h urine samples and estimated by radioimmunoassays. Eight NDI patients were given a combination of a low-sodium diet and hydrochlorothiazide. Four to 11 weeks later, ibuprofen was added, and the patients were retested within the following 4-9 weeks. Urine osmolality remained unchanged after supra-pharmacological doses of desmopressin, at 60-70 mOsm/kg. Urinary PGE2 in control subjects was 0.74 +/- 0.1 microgram/g creatinine (mean +/- SD) compared to 5.0 +/- 2.6 micrograms/g creatinine in AQP-2 deficient patients (P &lt; 0.05). Urinary 6-keto PGF1 alpha, was 0.20 +/- 0.03 microgram/g creatinine in controls and 0.75 +/- 0.31 microgram/g creatinine in AQP-2 deficiency (P &lt; 0.05). Urinary volumes decreased by a mean 31% on a low-salt diet and hydrochlorothiazide, and by a mean of 38% on the combination therapy. Plasma osmolality decreased by a mean 15 mOsm/kg on the low-salt diet and hydrochlorothiazide, and by 22 mOsm/kg on the combination therapy. Urinary osmolality increased from a mean 80 mOsm/kg to 96 mOsm/kg on the low-salt diet and hydrochlorothiazide, and to 146 mOsm/kg on the combination therapy. AQP-2 deficiency in these patients with an early-stop codon is associated with complete unresponsiveness of the collecting duct to vasopressin, implying an indispensable role for AQP-2 in vasopressin antidiuresis. Urinary PGE2 and 6-keto PGF1 alpha are elevated, the former being extremely high, apparently due to the extreme vasopressin unresponsiveness. Combination therapy with a combination of a low-salt diet, thiazide and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug is partially effective.', 'Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a complex neurodegenerative disease presenting with a diversity of clinical symptoms including palsy and cognitive impairment. We present a 59-year-old woman with a history of secondary progressive MS since 1987, who was referred to our department because of recent onset of confusion and polydipsia. Initial lab tests showed mildly elevated serum sodium levels and low urine osmolality. Under water deprivation, diuresis and low urine osmolality persisted and serum sodium levels rose above 150 mmol/l. Oral desmopressin resulted in normalisation of serum sodium as well as urine osmolarity, confirming a diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus. As drug-induced diabetes could be excluded, pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was performed. A demyelinating lesion was detected in the hypothalamus. The patient was started on oral desmopressin treatment (0.2 mg/day). Fluid intake and serum sodium levels have since remained normal. In summary, we report the rare case of a patient presenting with diabetes insipidus due to progressive MS. Diabetes insipidus should be considered in MS patients who develop new onset of polydipsia. ']}
{'id': 8, 'question': "A 52-year-old woman consulted because she had noticed during the previous week a yellowish discoloration of the conjunctivae. She does not refer to risky sexual behaviors or epidemiological history of risk of viral hepatitis. She does not consume alcohol or hepatotoxic drugs. She reports a one-year history of generalized pruritus, asthenia, dry mouth and absence of lacrimation with no known cause. Rest of the anamnesis without pathological data. Physical examination showed scratching lesions, conjunctival jaundice and non-painful hepatomegaly. The patient brings a blood test carried out in his company with the following pathological results: Bilirubin 3 mg/dl, FA 400 UI/ VSG 40mm 1 hour. Indicate which would be the best recommendation to establish the etiological diagnosis of the patient's condition:", 'options': {'1': 'Anti-mitochondrial antibodies.', '2': 'Study of Fe metabolism.', '3': 'Study of copper metabolism.', '4': 'Hepatic MRI.', '5': 'Serology for B and C viruses.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['A twenty year old female was referred to hospital by her GP, after he received the results of blood tests taken earlier in the day. She had presented to him complaining of malaise, nausea and anorexia over a 3 day period. On the day of referral she had also become jaundiced with dark urine, but normal stool colour. There was no abdominal pain. She had no significant past medical history with no history of jaundice, liver disease or autoimmune conditions, and no apparent risk factors for blood-borne hepatitis infection. There was no relevant family history. She was taking no prescribed medication, had not taken any over the counter medication or herbal remedies. She denied excessive alcohol use or use of intravenous drugs in the past, although she was not specifically questioned on the use of other recreational drugs. She was a single mother and admitted to being under considerable stress recently. On examination she appeared well, apart from marked jaundice. There were no signs of hepatic encephalopathy or chronic liver disease. Abdominal examination revealed mild left upper quadrant tenderness, but no significant hepatomegaly. Liver function tests (LFTs) taken by her GP are shown in Table 1, revealing marked elevation of the Alanine Transaminase (ALT) (Table 1), with a relatively preserved albumin. Unfortunately her International Normalised Ratio (INR) had not been measured. An Ultrasound of the abdomen demonstrated a normal size liver with normal contour and texture with no other abnormality.', "Methotrexate (MTX) is a frequently used drug in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), but occurrences of lymphoproliferative disorders (LPD) have been reported in patients undergoing an MTX regimen. Almost half of the patients with methotrexate-associated lymphoproliferative disorders (MTX-LPD) have extranodal lesions; moreover, although extremely rare, digestive tract perforations resulting from the extranodal lesions of MTX-LPD have also been reported. We describe the case of an 81-year-old woman with RA who had been prescribed MTX at 6\u2009mg per week for the past 11\u2009years. She was admitted to our hospital with occasional abdominal pain and was first diagnosed with enteritis. Her abdominal pain did not improve, and a computed tomography scan showed abdominal effusion and free air in the abdominal cavity. She was diagnosed with a digestive tract perforation and underwent emergency surgery. The perforation site was identified in the jejunum, and she underwent small intestinal resection around the perforated region. The pathological findings showed an ulcer in the jejunum and infiltration of large atypical lymphocytes around the perforated region. An immunohistochemical examination revealed the expression of a cluster of differentiation 20 and latent membrane protein 1. Considering the patient's history of RA treated with MTX, she was diagnosed as having Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-related MTX-LPD with a histological diagnosis of EBVMCU. MTX was discontinued after the surgery, and her soluble interleukin-2 receptor (sIL-2R) levels had returned to normal 1 year later. She has had a good course for the 2 years since surgery and remains asymptomatic with no recurrence of MTX-LPD, as confirmed by the sIL-2R levels. We experienced a rare case of the jejunum perforation induced by MTX-LPD. Since only a few cases have been reported of a patient with small intestinal perforation induced by MTX-LPD, further research is necessary to evaluate the clinicopathological features of MTX-LPD. The patient had disease remission after surgery and by discontinuing MTX treatment; our case did not require chemotherapy. EBV-positive patients, especially those with a pathological presentation of EBVMCU, could have a higher likelihood of remission, which could have been a factor in the present case.", 'Pancreatic lesions are more commonly identified nowadays with the widespread use of imaging investigations. Pancreatic lesions are heterogeneous groups of pathologies with different behavior and prognosis. It is quite difficult to differentiate these lesions because of the shared clinical manifestation and the overlapping imaging features of these lesions. We report the case of a 38-year-old woman who presented with a complaint of a 3-month history of epigastric abdominal pain radiating to her back. She reported a gradual increase in the severity of the pain. She described it as sharp in quality and was exacerbated with food intake and was alleviated by oral paracetamol. There was no history of abdominal distension, weight loss, or change in appetite. Apart from asthma, she had no other comorbid conditions or previous surgeries. She was referred to have an abdominal computed tomography scan which showed a large lesion that appears to arise from the head of the pancreas and was cystic with no soft tissue component. The radiological impression was a lymphoepithelial cyst, duplication cyst, pseudocyst from previous acute pancreatitis, lymphangioma, or intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm. The decision for open surgical removal was decided. The patient underwent laparotomy and the cystic lesion was identified as arising from the pancreatic head. Complete resection of the mass was carried out with no complications. Histopathological examination revealed cystic lesions with the presence of lymphoid cells aggregates peripherally. The lining of the channels was positive for CD31 and was negative for CD34. Such findings conferred the diagnosis of lymphangioma. Lymphangioma is a very rare tumor of the pancreas with non-specific clinical and imaging features. Complete surgical resection of the lesion is the treatment of choice and the prognosis of the tumor is favorable if the tumor was resected completely.', 'We describe a case of a 27-year-old woman who came to the Emergency Department presenting severe abdominal pain. She was evaluated by a gynaecologist and submitted to pelvic ecography without finding relevant alterations. In the successive hours, she presented severe headache in occipital region and in the posterior neck, poorly responsive to analgesic drugs. A cerebral CT scan was performed and was normal, and the patient came to our Department of Neurology. The neurological examination on admission was normal. This woman had a 7 years of long-lasting history of headache, diagnosed in another hospital as migraine without aura, and she referred a recent and progressive worsening of both the frequency and the severity of the headache. In the suspect of subarachnoidal haemorrhage, a lumbar puncture was performed, and was negative for bleeding, showing only a mild increase in the number of cells (12 leucocytes). Following the lumbar puncture, the patient presented a dramatic improvement of the headache. In the successive days, she lamented sellar hypoesthesia and, when asked, she referred a recent history of urinary and faecal retention. She was, therefore, submitted to an NMR of the lumbar and sacral medulla with evidence of a voluminous extradural formation in the sacral region suggestive for extradural sacral meningeal cyst. She was finally dispatched to the Department of Neurosurgery for surgical asportation of the cyst.', 'A Case of delivery in a 23-year-old woman after a prophylactic infusion of DDAVP is described. She had a life-long history of easy bruising and frequent epistaxis, with the diagnosis of vWD being made when she was 14 years old. A hemostatic examination showed a prolonged bleeding time, a moderate reduction in the factor VIII level (VIII: C) and von Willebrand Factor Antigen (vWF: Ag), decreased platelet aggregation by ristocetin, and depletion of platelet retention. In April, 1988, in the 34th week of pregnancy, she was admitted to our clinic in order to avoid abnormal bleeding during labor. On admission, the level of factor VIII, ristocetin aggregation, and platelet retention were normal, but the bleeding time remained prolonged. The diagnosis of vWD type I was made on the normal multimeric structure. The DDAVP infusion test revealed a shortening of the bleeding time and an increase in the vWF: Ag. In the 41st week of pregnancy, labor was induced, accompanied by infusion of DDAVP, she gave birth to an infant without any abnormal bleeding. Since conventional treatments with human plasma derivatives may cause complicating viral infections, we propose the infusion of DDAVP is one of the treatments to prevent the abnormal bleeding of the patient with vWD during labor.']}
{'id': 621, 'question': '20-year-old patient who comes to the emergency department after suffering a bicycle accident with facial trauma. A cranial CT scan was performed showing a fracture of the middle third of the face involving the orbito-malar region. One of the most frequent complications of this type of fracture is:', 'options': {'1': 'Temporomandibular ankylosis.', '2': 'Dental malocclusion.', '3': 'Naso-ethmoidal pseudoarthrosis.', '4': 'Enophthalmos.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['The proximal phalanx fracture is a common fracture of the hand in pediatric ages. Most of these fractures can be treated conservatively with immobilization. There are only few cases reporting tendon entrapment in literature and most of them refer to epiphyseal fractures with only one case reporting tendon entrapment after diaphyseal fracture. A 15-year-old boy went to the emergency department after suffering trauma in his right hand caused by a fall. He complained of pain in his second finger of the right hand which was swollen. An imaging study was performed and a fracture of the proximal phalanx diaphysis of the second finger of the right hand was diagnosed. Due to deviation, reduction, syndactyly, and immobilization with Zimmer splint were performed. The control X-ray showed acceptable reduction and the patient was referred for follow-up at an outpatient consultation. During follow-up, the reduction was maintained and the conservative treatment was kept for 25 days, with apparent fracture healing. The patient presented active flexion limitation of the finger that was interpreted as a sequel of the immobilization and he was referred for physical therapy rehabilitation. Six weeks after the initial trauma, the patient was observed at the emergency department for new right-hand trauma. On examination, no active flexion of the third phalanx of the second finger of the right hand was noticed. The patient underwent an ultrasound that revealed deep flexor tendon entrapment at the fracture focus. A surgery was performed consisting in tenolysis and reconstruction of the pulleys using a portion of the long palmar tendon. The patient has good clinical evolution with almost complete recovery of mobility. This case illustrates an entrapment of deep flexor tendon after a diaphyseal fracture of the proximal phalanx, with only few cases reported in literature. The authors highlight the importance of having a high index of suspicion to detect this situation once it restrains the success of the conservative treatmentand makes the surgery mandatory to avoid definite sequels and disabilities.', 'Ipsilateral femoral shaft and neck fractures are rare injuries, affecting mostly young patients who sustained high-energy traumas. In 19-50% of cases, the femoral fracture is misdiagnosed or overlooked at the initial presentation, with reportedly increased risk of complications such as non-union and avascular necrosis. We present a case of an ipsilateral femoral neck and shaft fracture, which was missed at initial presentation despite radiographic and computed tomography (CT) scan evaluation. A 56-year old female was admitted to our institution following a high-energy trauma (fall from 6\xa0m). Initial radiographic and CT scan evaluation revealed a displaced femoral shaft fracture but no other femoral fractures were detected. Closed reduction and external fixation of the femoral shaft fracture was performed in the emergency setting. Follow-up radiologic evaluations revealed an ipsilateral laterally displaced femoral neck fracture. Despite cephalomedullary nail fixation of both fractures performed on the third day from the initial injury, the patient developed a non-union of the femoral neck fracture, which led to cut-out of the lag screw with associated varus failure of the femoral neck fracture requiring surgical revision and implant of a bipolar hemiarthroplasty at one year follow up. The postoperative course was uneventful and the patient had a full long-term recovery. This case report exemplifies the need to maintain the highest level of suspiciousness for the concomitant presence of an ipsilateral femoral neck fracture when treating polytraumatized patients who sustained a femoral shaft fracture as a consequence of a high-energy trauma. Furthermore, the pre-operative standardized radiological evaluation (plain x-ray and CT scan) might not always help in ruling out these fractures. It is therefore necessary to adopt additional standardized radiographic protocols not only in the pre-operative but also in the intra-operative and immediate post-operative settings.', 'We here report the case of a 16-year old patient with triplane fracture of the proximal end of the tibia due to a sporting accident occurred during a cycling race. CT scan (CT) was performed to assess the fracture with a high level of accuracy. After identification of all fragments requiring osteosynthesis, closed reduction was performed with fixation of fracture fragments using cannulated screws. At the last follow-up visit, radiological and functional results were excellent.', 'Radiography remains limited in costal cartilage injuries, and sonography, CT and MR imaging turns out to be more sensitive in the detection of cartilage injuries. This study aims to determine the frequency of costal cartilage fractures detected in the CT images of the patients with high energy chest trauma and to evaluate the association of costal cartilage fracture with the complications of trauma. The CT images of 93 patients aged 18-91\xa0years with a trauma admitted to the Emergency Department of the State Hospital between February 2019 and June 2019 were studied retrospectively. Thorax CT images of 93 patients who presented to the emergency department with blunt chest trauma with AIS\u2009&gt;\u20092 were retrospectively investigated by a radiologist with a board certificate who had 15\xa0years of experience in the field. Costal cartilage fracture was identified in 39 of 93 patients with severe chest trauma. Among the 93 chest trauma patients admitted to the emergency department between February and June 2019, the prevalence of costal cartilage was calculated as 41.93%. Note that the most common costal cartilage fractures in the study group were identified in the 6th, 7th, 8th and 1st costal cartilages. Another significant relationship (p\u2009=\u20090.007) was found between costal cartilage calcification and cartilage fracture. Costal cartilage fractures frequently occur in blunt thoracic trauma with multiple rib fractures and are of clinical importance as they lead to the instability of chest wall. The incidence of cartilage fractures increases in elderly patients with costal cartilage calcification.', '<bBackground:</b A bilateral diaphragmatic rupture is a rare event that occurs in cases of blunt thoracic-abdominal trauma. <bCase Presentation:</b We report the case of a 56-year-old female patient with pelvic fracture and second-stage bilateral rupture of the diaphragm due to a car accident. After a chest and abdominal contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) scan, the patient underwent emergency suturing of the left hemidiaphragm. On postoperative day (POD) 4, a CT scan performed due to the sudden onset of dyspnea revealed rupture of the right hemidiaphragm, which was not detected on the preoperative CT scan. On POD 9, the right hemidiaphragm was repaired with mesh during a right thoracotomy. The patient recovered 14 days after surgery. However, the postoperative course was complicated by an asymptomatic COVID-19 infection that significantly delayed her discharge from the hospital. <bConclusions:</b Difficulties in preoperative diagnosis and treatment, together with the lack of data in the literature, make this type of trauma a challenge for all acute care and general surgeons.']}
{'id': 470, 'question': 'A 73-year-old woman with a history of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and dyslipidemia. She consults for unbearable pain in the right knee of 5 days of evolution, without previous trauma. Examination: globular knee, moderate varus, extension and flexion limited by pain, diffuse medial pain. X-ray shows osteophytes and mild impingement of the medial interlining. What would be his initial management?', 'options': {'1': 'Explanation of the diagnosis, relative rest, paracetamol 1g/8h plus metamizol 500 mg/ 8 h rescue naproxen.', '2': 'Preferential referral to Traumatology outpatients for evaluation of total cemented prosthesis.', '3': 'Preferential referral to Traumatology outpatient clinic for arthroscopic debridement.', '4': "Preferred MRI request for evaluation of meniscopathy, Baker's cyst and/or tendinitis.", '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ["There are several reports of symptomatic ganglion cysts near the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL), posterior cruciate ligament (PCL), and lateral and medial meniscus, but symptomatic ganglia arising from the anterior horn of the medial meniscus to the ACL have not been reported. Here we report the arthroscopic resection of a ganglion cyst arising from the anterior horn of the medial meniscus with a meniscal tear to the ACL. A 43-year-old female presented with a 10-year history of continuous aching pain in the right knee, but without any history of trauma. Clinical examination revealed right-sided knee pain in the medial joint line, exacerbated by end range flexion and extension, a -10°-100° active range of movement, and a -5°-110° passive range of movement。McMurray's, patellar compression, and compression rotation tests were positive. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and arthroscopic examination revealed a cyst related to the ACL and medial meniscus. Histological examination confirmed the cyst to be a ganglion cyst. We present a new type of ganglion cyst, this is the first reported case of an ganglion cyst impinged between the ACL and the medial meniscus. It is hoped that this study will provide a better understanding of the condition and lead to better diagnosis and treatment.", "Upper partial fibulectomy has been preliminarily proved to have the efficacy for pain alleviation and improvement of function in patients with mild to moderate medial compartment knee osteoarthritis (KOA). However, the previous studies lack the control group with other treatments. The aim of this prospective, randomized controlled study is to compare the clinical and biomechanical effects between upper partial fibulectomy and drug conservative treatment on improvement of clinical pain, function, and gait for patients with mild to moderate medial knee osteoarthritis (KOA) and further discuss its biomechanical mechanism. From August 2016 to February 2017, 49 and 48 patients with mild to moderate medial KOA were allocated to fibulectomy and drug groups. We assessed the patients' visual analog scale (VAS) pain score, Hospital for Special Surgery (HSS) knee score, limb alignment, passive flexion/extension range of motion (ROM) of the knee, and 3D gait kinematics and kinetics parameters before and after intervention. Repeated-measures ANOVA with Dunnett's post hoc assessment and multivariate analysis of variance were applied for intragroup and intergroup comparisons, respectively. The improvement in the fibulectomy group on the VAS pain score, HSS knee score, walking speed, and walking knee range of motion (ROM) was statistically better than that in the drug group. The decreased overall peak knee adduction moment (KAM) (decreased by 16.1%) and hip-knee-ankle (HKA) angle (decreased by 0.99° from a more varus alignment to a more neutral alignment) of the affected and operated side 1 year after surgery were observed in the fibulectomy group. This research demonstrated that as a biomechanical intervention, upper partial fibulectomy can be a better choice in pain relief and function and gait improvement than drug conservative treatment for patients with early-stage knee OA. The long-term clinical outcomes, indication, and rationale for the improvement in clinical symptoms should be investigated further.", "A 32-year-old previously healthy woman was referred for evaluation and management of newly diagnosed hypotony in the right eye. Her ocular history was significant only for moderate myopia and an idiopathic Horner syndrome in the left eye diagnosed at age 13. The patient endorsed a history of fluctuating and decreasing vision in the right eye over the past 6 months. She denied any ocular pain, previous ocular surgery, or recent trauma. The patient was otherwise healthy and denied any previous autoimmune disease or systemic infection. She wore soft, daily disposable contact lenses and reported no abnormalities on previous routine eye examinations. At presentation, the patient's uncorrected distance visual acuity was 20/25 in the right eye and 20/200 in the left. Lensometry revealed a previous refraction of -3.00 + 0.50× 150 in the right eye and -4.00 + 1.75× 174 in the left. Intraocular pressures (IOPs) were 4 mm Hg and 15 mm Hg by applanation, and central corneal thicknesses were 573 μm and 564 μm in the right and left eyes, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed an area of scleral thinning near the limbus in the right eye from 5 to 7 o'clock with mild overlying chemosis (Figure 1JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure1/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff). Gonioscopy showed an open angle with mild trabecular meshwork pigmentation in both eyes without any cyclodialysis clefts, peripheral anterior synechiae (PAS), or other abnormalities. Dilated fundus examination was significant for mild optic nerve edema and chorioretinal folds in the right eye. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) of the optic nerve confirmed mild disc edema (Figure 2JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure2/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff) and OCT of the macula confirmed mild chorioretinal folds. Anterior segment OCT (AS-OCT) and ultrasound biomicroscopy failed to show any other abnormalities. The patient was initially observed without treatment and presented urgently approximately 1 month later with decreased vision and ocular discomfort. Repeat examination revealed an IOP of 31 mm Hg and a focal area of PAS to the previous area of scleral thinning (Figure 3JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure3/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff). In one respect, the newly elevated IOP was considered transiently therapeutic to help reverse the hyperopic shift, disc edema, and hypotony-related maculopathy. However, the situation quickly became more worrisome when shortly thereafter the IOP elevated to 55 mm Hg at subsequent follow-up, and multiple IOP-lowering medications were initiated. Over numerous additional visits, the patient's IOPs ranged from 30 to 39 mm Hg in the right eye despite rapidly advancing to maximally tolerated medical therapy including acetazolamide. She was noted to have a new relative afferent pupillary defect of the right eye, and Humphrey visual fields showed early arcuate defects (Figure 4JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure4/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff). What would be your approach to managing this healthy, young, myopic woman who presented with hypotony due to a spontaneous, perilimbal filtration bleb that later occluded with PAS, resulting in intractably elevated IOP and field loss? What is the differential diagnosis? Would you perform a systemic workup for her initial scleral thinning, and if so, what would you check? Would you intervene for her elevated IOP in the right eye? If so, what would be your surgical approach?", 'A 20-year-old female presented with a painful swelling in the right knee and snapping sensation on joint motion that appeared without trauma and recurred several times. She had no history of a bleeding disease or trauma. Physical examination showed no signs of rash or temperature change or systemic or local findings of an infection. The knee was tender and knee motion was painful, with 90 degrees of flexion and full extension. The ballottement test was positive. All laboratory tests including rheumatologic and bleeding parameters were normal. Joint effusion analysis was normal except for its rusty-brown color. Magnetic resonance imaging showed synovial hypertrophy and grade 2 degeneration in the medial meniscus. During diagnostic and surgical arthroscopy, rust-colored synovial hypertrophy was noted in the suprapatellar pouch accompanied by patchy villi and nodules and cystic changes. The gross appearance of the synovium mimicked that of pigmented villonodular synovitis. Biopsy specimens were obtained from different parts of the synovium and a subtotal synovectomy was performed. The histopathologic diagnosis was reported as hemosiderotic synovitis. During a three-year follow-up, she had no pain, snapping sensation, or limitation of motion. There were no recurrent effusions.', 'Debridement arthroplasty combined with capsulectomy for primary osteoarthritis of the elbow is a useful procedure to relieve pain and increase mobility. We have used a medial trans-flexor approach without tendon detachment for debridement arthroplasty of the elbow and evaluated the outcome of this procedure. Thirty-one elbows with primary osteoarthritis in 31 patients treated with debridement arthroplasty were available for follow-up at a mean of 19 ± 7 months. Twenty-four patients were men, and 7 were women. The mean age at the time of surgery was 59 ± 10 years. All elbows were painful only at the end points of motion. The anterior compartment of the elbow was accessed by splitting of the pronator flexor muscle group without tendon detachment. Routine anterior subcutaneous transposition of the ulnar nerve was used in all elbows. In 10 elbows, osteophytes or loose osseous bodies from the lateral compartment were removed through an additional lateral approach. Twenty-three elbows had no pain, and 8 elbows had mild pain. The mean preoperative limitation of extension decreased from 29° ± 9° to 15° ± 9° and the mean preoperative flexion increased from 100° ± 10° to 126° ± 7°. Thus, the mean arc of elbow motion increased by 40° ± 13°. The mean Mayo Elbow Performance Score was 94 ± 7 compared with 60 ± 5 before surgery. The results were excellent for 22 elbows and good for 9. Hematomas developed in 3 elbows, but they did not require surgical drainage. Debridement arthroplasty using the medial trans-flexor approach without tendon detachment yields satisfactory short-term clinical results. This approach is associated with a low rate of complications and is safe and effective for the treatment of primary osteoarthritis of the elbow. Therapeutic IV.']}
{'id': 298, 'question': 'A 25-year-old man with no past history of interest presents to the emergency department with fever, headache, myalgia, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, jaundice and conjunctival injection, 2 weeks after traveling to Thailand to participate in a freshwater regatta. What is the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Malaria.', '2': 'Schistosomiasis.', '3': 'Leptospirosis.', '4': 'Rabies.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['A 30-year-old male with no significant medical history presented to the emergency department with complaints of fever, two days of intermittent abdominal pain, dry cough, nausea, vomiting, four days of diarrhea, and worsening dyspnea. Initial evaluation revealed a fever of (102.5 F) and tachycardia (114/min) with hypoxia (SaO2: 84% on room air) and bilateral wheezing on lung auscultation. X-ray of the chest revealed bilateral and peripheral ground-glass and consolidative pulmonary opacities. CT scan of the abdomen was notable for interstitial edema, mild inflammatory changes, and homogenous enhancement of the pancreatic parenchyma. His COVID-19 test came positive, and he was admitted to the intensive-care unit. He was managed symptomatically, and improvement in his clinical condition was observed after three days of admission. This case highlights a possible association between Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), abdominal pain secondary to acute pancreatitis, and the need for meticulous clinical evaluation in patients presenting with gastrointestinal complaints.', 'Patients with bullous pemphigoid face many challenges when managing their disorder, one of which is balancing medication with their ailments. Because the patient population with bullous pemphigoid are primarily elderly, the current first-line treatment of corticosteroids tends to increase their rates of morbidity and mortality. During the acute process of the disease, providers must also consider the increased chance of infections caused by the opening in the skin. These patient cases are often complicated further by secondary symptoms such as pruritis and pain. Here we present a case in which we provided care to a 38-year-old female with a history of bullous pemphigoid and multiple medical problems who presented to the emergency department with nausea, vomiting, fevers, abdominal pain, and blisters on her forearm. Due to concern for sepsis and her past failure of outpatient therapy, the patient was hospitalized and treated for her possible infection, bullous pemphigoid, nausea, and pain.', 'Intussusception in adults is a rare condition and is usually associated with organic disease. It has been implicated for 1% of all bowel obstructions. Clinical presentation can be non-specific and the rarity of the classic triad of abdominal pain, vomiting, and currant jelly stools contributes to late diagnosis and treatment. A 95-year-old\xa0lady presented to the emergency department for evaluation of nausea, vomiting, and a two-month history of intermittent diarrhea, which had been worsening for a few days prior to admission. On examination, the abdomen was soft but tender on deep palpation, with audible bowel sounds. No organomegaly or costovertebral angle (CVA) tenderness was appreciated. CT abdomen revealed a long segment of the colon with a loop within loop appearance from the proximal transverse colon to the distal descending colon, consistent with intussusception.\xa0The patient was taken to the operating room where local exploration using laparoscopy revealed complete telescoping and intussusception of terminal ileum into the distended ascending and transverse colon and the patient underwent right hemicolectomy. The signs and symptoms of intussusception among the elderly are very non-specific and include nausea, vomiting, change in bowel habits, and gastrointestinal bleeding. Since the classic triad of symptoms (abdominal pain, vomiting, and currant jelly stools) is rarely observed, timely diagnosis and management become a challenge for clinicians. Literature suggests that up to 90% of adults with intussusception present with ongoing abdominal pain. Especially in outpatient settings, patients presenting with intermittent abdominal pain that resolves quickly with simple analgesia should be promptly evaluated. This case illustrates that the rarity of incidence and non-specific clinical presentation are potential barriers towards timely diagnosis and treatment of intussusception among adults, especially the elderly population. Keeping a low threshold for prompt evaluation using appropriate imaging modalities can help overcome this challenge and help reduce the surgical burden.', "Due to the escalating rates of community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (CA-MRSA) infection, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX) is being used increasingly in the pediatric population for skin and soft tissue infections. Although this combination agent has been associated with a hypersensitivity syndrome involving cutaneous skin eruptions, pediatric cases of TMP-SMX-induced hepatotoxicity are rare. We describe a relatively healthy, 9-year-old boy who developed a CA-MRSA skin and soft tissue infection and was treated with TMP-SMX. After 14 days of therapy, he was taken to the emergency department with a 3-day history of fever, headache, and neck pain. He was diagnosed with a viral syndrome, acetaminophen was prescribed, and he was sent home. Three days later, the patient returned to the emergency department with fever, vomiting, decreased energy and appetitie, and suprapubic abdominal pain, and he was hospitalized. Laboratory test results revealed elevated liver function test values. After other potential causes of liver toxicity were excluded, TMP-SMX was determined to be the cause of his acute liver toxicity. The drug was discontinued, his symptoms resolved, and his liver function tests returned to normal. Use of the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale indicated a probable relationship (score of 5) between the patient's development of hepatotoxicity and the TMP-SMX therapy. This rare adverse reaction to TMP-SMX has been reported in adults; however, to our knowledge, it has been reported in only five other children. Due to the increasing use of TMP-SMX in children, clinicians should be aware of this potentially life-threatening, immunemediated hypersensitivity reaction. Fortunately, however, the hepatotoxicity appears to resolve after discontinuation of the TMP-SMX therapy in most reported cases. This case report illustrates the importance of early detection of drug-induced hepatotoxicity and timely drug discontinuation to prevent the need for liver transplantation.", "Chilaiditi's syndrome is a rare condition accounting for only 0.25%-0.28% of all abdominal imaging worldwide. To rule out Chilaiditi's syndrome from other acute abdominal emergencies is very important to avoid unnecessary treatment or surgical procedure. A 25-year-old female presented in the emergency room with 1 week history of abdominal discomfort. At time of examination, she had a mild shortness of breath that was not related with rigorous activities. A plain abdominal x-ray was suggested the presence of an air-filled bowel tract within the right subphrenic space (Fig. 1). Abdominal computed tomography suggested colonic loop present between the right hemi-diaphragm and liver. The absence of abdominal free air confirmed an isolated pseudo-pneumoperitoneum due to colonic interposition between the liver and diaphragm. Chilaiditi sign is radiolucency in the subdiaphragmatic space as a result of bowel interposition between a diaphragm and the liver. If gastrointestinal symptoms present, the condition is known as Chilaiditi's syndrome. The abdominal symptoms including severe pain, anorexia, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, bloating and constipation might mislead physicians or surgeons with diaphragmatic hernia, subdiaphragmatic abscess, bowel perforation, infected hydatid cyst and liver tumor. Thorough physical examination, imaging, and timely follow up is very important to avoid unnecessary exploratory laparotomies. Chilaiditi's Syndrome is often misdiagnosed with bowel perforation because the presence of pseudopneumoperitoneum in the plain X-Rays. It is important to understand the unique characteristics of the sign, symptoms and findings of Chilaiditi's Syndrome to prevent unnecessary surgical procedures."]}
{'id': 365, 'question': 'A 64-year-old patient, farmer, former smoker (5 years), COPD and afflicted with rheumatoid arthritis on corticosteroid therapy. He consults the emergency department for presenting intense headache of 2 days of evolution with deviation of the oral commissure. As background, he reports that after a month of influenza, he persists with cough, purulent and occasionally hemoptotic expectoration, febrile fever, anorexia, asthenia and weight loss. On arrival, the patient had a fever of 38.2ºC, multiple skin abscesses on the hands, back and buttocks (some with fistulous tracts) and right central facial paralysis, apical infiltrates with small associated pleural effusion on chest X-ray and leukocytosis with neutrophilia. Among the following suspected diagnoses I would consider MOST likely:', 'options': {'1': 'Lung neoplasm with brain metastases.', '2': 'Disseminated tuberculosis.', '3': 'Nocardiosis.', '4': 'Aspergillosis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['A 30-year-old male with no significant medical history presented to the emergency department with complaints of fever, two days of intermittent abdominal pain, dry cough, nausea, vomiting, four days of diarrhea, and worsening dyspnea. Initial evaluation revealed a fever of (102.5 F) and tachycardia (114/min) with hypoxia (SaO2: 84% on room air) and bilateral wheezing on lung auscultation. X-ray of the chest revealed bilateral and peripheral ground-glass and consolidative pulmonary opacities. CT scan of the abdomen was notable for interstitial edema, mild inflammatory changes, and homogenous enhancement of the pancreatic parenchyma. His COVID-19 test came positive, and he was admitted to the intensive-care unit. He was managed symptomatically, and improvement in his clinical condition was observed after three days of admission. This case highlights a possible association between Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), abdominal pain secondary to acute pancreatitis, and the need for meticulous clinical evaluation in patients presenting with gastrointestinal complaints.', 'A 72-year-old Chinese man presented with a 5-month history of chronic dry cough, weight loss, and progressive dyspnea. There was no associated hemoptysis, hoarseness, epistaxis, or fever on systemic review. He was a nonsmoker and had no family history of malignancy. He was treated for pulmonary TB 40 years ago. A chest radiograph (Fig 1) showed mass-like consolidation in the right midzone with loss of the right hilar border, a small right pleural effusion, and bi-apical scarring. On physical examination, he was afebrile and normotensive, and he had pulse oxygen saturation of 97%. Examination of the chest was remarkable only for reduced breath sounds over the right chest. He did not have digital clubbing, distended neck veins, or cervical lymphadenopathy.', 'Chronic eosinophilic pneumonia is a rare idiopathic interstitial lung disease. The nearly pathognomonic radiographic finding is the peripheral distribution of alveolar opacities. Pleural effusions are rarely seen. We report a case of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia with transudative eosinophilic pleural effusion. A 57-year-old Hispanic woman, a nonsmoker with a history of controlled asthma, presented to the hospital with unresolving pneumonia despite three rounds of antibiotics over a 2-month period. She was later diagnosed with chronic eosinophilic pneumonia based on the presence of peripheral blood eosinophilia, the peripheral distribution of alveolar infiltrates on chest radiograph, and a lung parenchymal biopsy with infiltrates of eosinophils. Upon presentation, our patient had a right-sided moderate-sized pleural effusion. The pleural fluid profile was consistent with a transudative effusion with eosinophil predominance. Our patient responded promptly to oral corticosteroid treatment in a few days. The pulmonary infiltrates and pleural effusion subsided on a 1-month follow-up chest radiograph after starting corticosteroid treatment. We report the first case of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia presenting with pneumonia with ipsilateral transudative eosinophilic pleural effusion. Like other cases of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia, early recognition and diagnosis is essential and prompt treatment with corticosteroids is the mainstay of therapy. Pleural effusion resolved without the further need for therapeutic thoracentesis.', 'We report a case of acute eosinophilic pneumonia (AEP). Although the patient had been a habitual cigarette smoker for over 4 months, he had had not any respiratory distress. After he inhaled smoke from fireworks for 3 consecutive nights, the patient began to complain of cough, fever and dyspnea. He showed leukocytosis of 16,200/microl and hypoxemia of 58.1 torr. Chest radiograph showed bilateral infiltrates with Kerley A and B lines. The bronchoalveolar lavage fluid revealed 38.5% eosinophils. He was diagnosed as AEP. In this patient, inhaling of smoke from fireworks was clinically suspected to be associated with the induction of AEP.', 'A 45-year-old female presented to the rheumatology clinic with complaint of pain and swelling of multiple small joints of the hands and feet. She also complained of cough and shortness of breath onset around the same time. Since her cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody (anti-CCP) and rheumatoid factor tests were positive, rheumatoid arthritis (RA) was diagnosed and she was started on prednisone with plans for additional disease modifying therapy. Chest X-ray showed a small right pleural effusion. While additional pulmonary evaluation was being planned, a few weeks later she presented with dyspnea, fever and tachycardia. Spiral CT showed pulmonary emboli and increased pleural effusion and patient was started on anticoagulation. A chest tube was placed and exudative pleural effusion was drained. Cytology sample from bronchoscopy raised concerns for adenocarcinoma. Open lung biopsy confirmed moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma. The patient died of lung cancer in the hospital 8 weeks from her diagnosis of RA. We describe a case of paraneoplastic polyarthritis with positive anti-CCP antibody test which has not been reported before. We also review the literature on paraneoplastic arthritis which has been described in association with various other malignancies besides lung cancer.']}
{'id': 392, 'question': "68-year-old woman, with a history of 2 major depressive episodes in her lifetime, who consults for symptoms of sadness, depressed mood, anhedonia, asthenia and anorexia compatible with a new depressive episode. She was prescribed 10 mg of escitalopram and was evaluated 2 weeks later. In this review the patient reports feeling very well, she wakes up early very hyperactive and with 'a lot of desire to do things', she says she has a lot of energy and is more talkative than usual. She does not report being irritable and is able to sleep for 6 hours continuously. Given this situation, what would you think the patient has?", 'options': {'1': 'Bipolar disorder type I.', '2': 'Drug-induced hypomania.', '3': 'Normal response to escitalopram.', '4': 'Frontal dementia.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['As part of a multidisciplinary adoption support clinic, Erin, a 5-year-old girl, adopted approximately 6 months before the clinic visit, presents for postadoption evaluation. Erin was born at full term. Her birth history was significant for reported maternal treatment for liver failure during pregnancy. Her previous medical history included hospitalization for a viral illness at age 2 months, recurrent ear infections, and a fractured forearm. Family history was significant for a maternal history of bipolar disorder, depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder, and concern for substance abuse; a paternal history of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and depression; and full biological brother with a history of ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder. Erin and her brother lived with their parents until she was approximately 3 years old. At that time, there were concerns for poor hygiene, inconsistent medical care, poor school attendance for her brother, financial instability, and significant neglect. Erin was reportedly confined to her crib for hours at a time. She and her older brother were removed from the home because of concerns for significant neglect and placed into foster care. Approximately 3 months after foster placement, Erin underwent testing because of concerns for abnormal behaviors and possible developmental delays. Symptoms included poor sleep, repetitive behaviors such as head banging, delayed speech that primarily involved grunting, and lack of toilet training. She was hyperactive and aggressive and had poor caregiver attachment. On evaluation, she was small for age, poorly groomed, and easily distracted with poor eye contact and did not tolerate interactions with examiners. Neuropsychological testing consisted of symptom checklists and caregiver interview only because she did not tolerate diagnostic testing. She was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay with intellectual and language impairments. Over the following year, Erin was transitioned to a second foster family and was subsequently adopted. She received speech, occupational, and physical therapy, along with trauma-informed therapy. She made significant gains in multiple domains and was able to graduate from trauma-informed therapy after 1 year. On examination, Erin greets you with appropriate eye contact and reports that she is feeling "good." She is verbal and interactive with her brother and parents. She looks to parents for support when asked to participate in the physical examination. She does not display any significant repetitive behaviors. Erin\'s parents are concerned that her initial diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder and global developmental delay do not accurately reflect her current level of functioning and are afraid she may have been misdiagnosed. How would you proceed with next steps to address these diagnoses?', 'Sophia is a 3-year-old girl who was brought to her pediatrician by her parents who were concerned about inconsolable night-time awakening. Her mother indicated that she has frequent (&gt;6), early nocturnal awakenings accompanied by screaming and crying lasting up to 1 hour since her birth. These episodes increased in intensity and frequency in the past year since the birth of her brother. With a bedtime routine (a cup of water by bedside with a washcloth and touching mother\'s nose, chin, and cheeks), Sophia falls asleep easily; however, within 1 hour she awakes screaming and flailing unaware of her surroundings and unable to be comforted. There are no tonic-clonic movements. Prior interventions, including a sleep coach and "letting Sophia cry it out," did not change her sleep pattern. Sophia\'s mother reports that she needs to be on a specific daily routine including set times for awakening, activity, snacks, naps, and meals. Diversion from the routine and separation from her mother results in a tantrum (kicking, hitting, screaming, and inconsolability) often lasting more than 30 minutes. Sophia was born after an uncomplicated 37-week gestation. Neonatal hyperbilirubinemia required readmission for 24 hours of phototherapy; serum bilirubin levels were performed daily for 3 weeks after discharge. At 6 weeks, daily episodes of screaming, inconsolability, forceful vomiting, and inability to sleep led to a diagnosis of gastroesophageal reflux. Medication trials were not successful, but the symptoms resolved by 5 months. Formula intolerance and difficulty swallowing and chewing different textures of solid food occurred in the first year. Occupational therapy was of "no benefit"; Sophia was overwhelmed by the activity and took a long time to warm up to the therapist. Her texture aversion resolved by 2 years of age. She prefers one-on-one play and has minimal interactions with other children. She has met all her developmental milestones appropriately and has no other health issues. Sophia lives with her parents and infant brother. There is a maternal family history of insomnia and sleep walking and a paternal history of sleep walking. Her mother adheres to a strict daily schedule. Sleep deprivation, different parental child-rearing practices, social isolation, and lack of quality parent time were all identified by the mother as significant marital stressors. During the office visit, Sophia required 30 minutes to warm up and smile, and over 60 minutes before she spoke her first word. Physical examination was normal (including growth measurements) and the developmental examination was age-appropriate. Upon completion of the assessment, she was engaging, playful, and cooperative with the pediatrician.', 'A 67-year-old female was admitted to the hospital with a history of lethargy, memory impairment, confusion, anorexia and gait imbalance for 2 weeks duration. She did not have any history of fall or head injury. She had total hip replacement 1 year back and was on orthopedic follow-up. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) on admission revealed no focal abnormalities. Routine biochemistry detected hypercalcemia, and she was treated with I/V fluid, diuretics and glucocorticoids. She was screened thoroughly to exclude occult malignancy. After 7 days of admission, a follow-up orthopedic prescription revealed that she was getting inj. Arachitol 6 lac units every week for last 3 months. On the 9(th) day of admission, she was detected to have very high serum 25(OH) vitamin D level (254.70 ng/ml). Patient was discharged after 2 weeks after her serum calcium came down to normal range with the advice of no dietary calcium and vitamin D intake. Her 25(OH) vitamin D level remained high for the next 6 months. Now she is completely asymptomatic and her serum 25(OH) D is normal.', 'Sleep-related eating disorder (SRED) is characterized by recurrent episodes of involuntary eating during sleep period and is often associated with restless legs syndrome (RLS). Although pharmacotherapy is recommended for SRED patients, no drug have shown promising effects so far. The patient, a 48-year-old Japanese housewife, first visited our clinic and complained about nighttime eating. She had a history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, sleep apnea syndrome, and depression. Insomnia appeared 10 years before the first visit and she often received hypnosedatives; at the same time, she developed nocturnal eating episodes. She had amnesia for these episodes, and she felt urge to move her legs while sleeping. The patient was diagnosed with SRED and RLS. Reduction in the doses of triazolam decreased her nighttime eating frequency, and her complete amnesia changed to vague recall of eating during night. Clonazepam 1.0\u2009mg at bedtime decreased nocturnal eating frequency from 1 to 2 times per month, though sleepwalking remained. Administration of pramipexole 0.125\u2009mg relieved all symptoms including SRED, RLS, and sleepwalking. This is the first paper to report that the combination of clonazepam and pramipexole therapy-reduced SRED episodes and RLS symptoms.', 'Kendra is a 4-year-old girl with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) who presents for follow-up of feeding problems to her pediatric clinician. She is an only child in a family where both parents are scientists. Feeding concerns date to infancy, when she was diagnosed with Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) associated with persistent bottle refusal and the acceptance of few pureed foods. At 13 months, milk and peanut allergies were diagnosed. Following a feeding clinic evaluation at 24 months, she was prescribed a soy milk supplement and an H2 blocker. There was no concern for oral-motor dysfunction. She was also referred to early intervention for feeding therapy. However, her parents terminated participation after 6 months because she became anxious and had tantrum prior to treatment groups.She was seen in another feeding program at 3 years; zinc, folate, thyroid, and a celiac panel were normal, and an endoscopy was negative for eosinophilic esophagitis. She began individual feeding therapy, where concerns for rigidity, difficulty transitioning, and limited peer interactions led to a neuropsychological evaluation. Kendra was diagnosed with an ASD and avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID). Her cognitive skills were average, and expressive and receptive language skills were low average.Her diet consisted of French fries, Ritz crackers, pretzels, and 32 ounces of soy formula daily. She had stopped accepting Cheerios and saltines 2 months prior. She controlled other aspects of feeding, insisting on a specific parking spot at a fast food restaurant and drinking from a particular sippy cup. Her parents accepted these demands with concern about her caloric intake, which they tracked daily.Following diagnosis with ARFID, she resumed feeding therapy using a systematic desensitization approach with rewards. At the first session, she kissed and licked 2 new foods without gagging. Her mother appeared receptive to recommendations that included continuing the "food game" at home, replacing 1 ounce of soy formula by offering water each day, limiting between-meal grazing, and refusing specific feeding demands.Currently, her parents plan to discontinue feeding therapy with concerns that the treatment was "too harsh." Her father produces logs of her caloric and micronutrient intake as evidence that she did not replace missed formula with other foods and reports that she subsequently became more difficult to manage behaviorally. Her father now demands to see randomized controlled trials of feeding therapy approaches. Her weight is stable, but she has now limited her pretzel intake to a specific brand. How would you approach her continued care?']}
{'id': 285, 'question': 'A 73-year-old woman is admitted with progressive dyspnea until she becomes at rest, orthopnea and weight gain of 4 kg. Physical examination showed blood pressure of 150/84 mm Hg, heart rate 100 beats/minute, increased jugular venous pressure, crepitant in both bases and malleolar edema. Usual treatment: enalapril 5 mg every 12 hours, furosemide 80 mg per day. What is the most appropriate treatment at this time?', 'options': {'1': 'Administer fiirosemide intravenously.', '2': 'Increase enalapril dose according to tolerance and administer intravenous furosemide.', '3': 'Start a beta-blocker.', '4': 'Add treatment with amlodipine.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["The Multicenter Isradipine/Diuretic Atherosclerosis Study (MIDAS) is a randomized, double-blind, active-control trial to compare the effectiveness of two treatment regimens for the control of hypertension in reducing the rate of progression of early extracranial carotid artery atherosclerosis in hypertensive patients. The two double-blind treatment regimens are 2.5 or 5 mg isradipine twice daily and 12.5 mg or 25 mg hydrochlorothiazide twice daily. Patients whose blood pressure is not controlled with either of these regimens will receive, in addition to the highest tolerated dose of the blinded drug, 2.5 to 10 mg open-label enalapril twice daily. The MIDAS study has enrolled 883 patients to treatment with either isradipine or hydrochlorothiazide. Inclusion criteria included men and women over the age of 40 years, the presence of an atherosclerotic lesion in the extracranial carotid artery demonstrated on B-mode ultrasound scanning (maximum thickness between 1.3 and 3.5 mm), an average sitting diastolic blood pressure between 90 and 115 mm Hg, and low-density lipoprotein levels between 130 and 189 mg/dL. An assessment of each patient's blood pressure and any side effects is made every three months; a B-mode ultrasound examination of the carotid arteries was performed at baseline and every six months thereafter; an electrocardiogram was carried out at baseline and once a year thereafter; and a brief quality-of-life assessment was made at baseline and every year thereafter.", 'A randomized, double-blind, parallel treatment trial was carried out in 24 patients with moderate to severe hypertension to compare the effectiveness and tolerance of two treatment regimens in reducing and maintaining supine diastolic blood pressure below 90 mmHg. Patients in Group I received 10 to 40 mg enalapril maleate per day with the addition of 50 mg hydrochlorothiazide per day and then 250 to 1000 mg alpha-methyldopa per day, if necessary. Patients in Group II received 50 mg hydrochlorothiazide per day with the addition of 80 to 240 mg propranolol and then 100 to 200 mg hydralazine per day, if necessary. Apart from the hydrochlorothiazide dosage which was fixed, the dosage of the other active drugs was titrated incrementally until the target blood pressure level was achieved. Blood pressures, heart rate and body weight were monitored at 2-weekly intervals during 26 weeks of active therapy. In Group I, blood pressure control was achieved and maintained with enalapril alone in 9 patients, 2 patients required double therapy and 1 patient triple therapy. In Group II, 9 patients required double therapy, 2 triple therapy, and only 1 patient received monotherapy. Supine and erect blood pressure control was comparable in both groups. There was, however, a significant decrease in supine heart rate in patients in Group II. More importantly, 8 of the 12 patients in Group II experienced non-life threatening adverse reactions (4 were hypokalaemic and required supplementary potassium, 2 had cold hands and feet, 1 man had sexual dysfunction and 1 acute gout) and no adverse reactions were reported by Group I patients.', 'Dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibitors improve glucose homeostasis in type 2 diabetics by inhibiting degradation of the incretin hormones. Dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibition also prevents the breakdown of the vasoconstrictor neuropeptide Y and, when angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) is inhibited, substance P. This study tested the hypothesis that dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibition would enhance the blood pressure response to acute ACE inhibition. Subjects with the metabolic syndrome were treated with 0 mg of enalapril (n=9), 5 mg of enalapril (n=8), or 10 mg enalapril (n=7) after treatment with sitagliptin (100 mg/day for 5 days and matching placebo for 5 days) in a randomized, cross-over fashion. Sitagliptin decreased serum dipeptidyl peptidase-IV activity (13.08±1.45 versus 30.28±1.76 nmol/mL/min during placebo; P≤0.001) and fasting blood glucose. Enalapril decreased ACE activity in a dose-dependent manner (P&lt;0.001). Sitagliptin lowered blood pressure during enalapril (0 mg; P=0.02) and augmented the hypotensive response to 5 mg of enalapril (P=0.05). In contrast, sitagliptin attenuated the hypotensive response to 10 mg of enalapril (P=0.02). During sitagliptin, but not during placebo, 10 mg of enalapril significantly increased heart rate and plasma norepinephrine concentrations. There was no effect of 0 or 5 mg of enalapril on heart rate or norepinephrine after treatment with either sitagliptin or placebo. Sitagliptin enhanced the dose-dependent effect of enalapril on renal blood flow. In summary, sitagliptin lowers blood pressure during placebo or submaximal ACE inhibition; sitagliptin activates the sympathetic nervous system to diminish hypotension when ACE is maximally inhibited. This study provides the first evidence for an interactive hemodynamic effect of dipeptidyl peptidase-IV and ACE inhibition in humans.', 'A 58 year-old woman with type 2 diabetes diagnosed 3 years before came to our clinic. Her treatment was metformin 850 mg every 12 hours and glimepiride 4 mg every 24 hours. After the initiation of glimepiride 9 months before her weight has increased 5 kg, and she suffers frequent hypoglycemias which have affected her while driving. Her BMI is 35.5 kg/m². She has a normal eye fund exam. She has hypertension treated with telmisartán and hidroclorotiazide with adequate control, and also hypercholesterolemia treated with atorvastatine 40 mg every 24 hours. Her blood test shows an HbA1c of 7.0%, normal values of microalbuminuria, total cholesterol 149 mg/dl, HDL cholesterol 52 mg/dl, LDL cholesterol 98 mg/dl and triglycerides 123 mg/dl. Her blood pressure is 129/81 mmHg, there was no orthostatic hypotension, and her peripheral neurological examination shows normal results. In summary, our case is a young woman with type 2 diabetes and obesity, without chronic complications and which has frequent hypoglycaemia. How must this woman be evaluated and treated?', 'The antihypertensive efficacy of N-[(S)-1-(ethoxycarbonyl)-3-phenyl-propyl]-L-alanyl-L-proline (enalapril maleate) was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind trial in 23 patients with mild low-renin essential hypertension ranging in age from 32 to 70 yr (20 were black and 3 were white). All underwent a 4-wk washout-placebo phase and were then assigned to a dosing schedule of either 10 mg enalapril once daily, 5 mg enalapril twice daily, or placebo twice daily for 12 wk. Conditional on diastolic pressure, the dose was increased at 4-wk intervals to a maximum of 40 mg daily or until control was achieved or the end of the study reached. At the end of the 12-wk titration phase, there was a follow-up period during which measurements were made after discontinuation of the medication. Mean supine diastolic pressure decreased from baseline (98.5 +/- 2.6 mm Hg) during the titration phase (86.3 +/- 4.6 mm Hg) in the group taking enalapril once daily. In three of the eight patients in the once-daily group and five of eight in the twice-daily group, supine diastolic pressures fell below 90 mm Hg. Neither supine nor standing systolic pressure nor standing diastolic pressure decreased significantly from pretreatment levels during enalapril once or twice daily. Heart rates measured after 5 min supine rest were not altered by enalapril. Enalapril induced inhibition of converting enzyme activity at all dose levels and with both dosing schedules. No adverse effect attributable to enalapril occurred during the study. The data indicate that once-daily enalapril is safe and effective treatment for mild low-renin essential hypertension.']}
{'id': 301, 'question': 'A 24-year-old woman consults after noticing inguinal lymphadenopathy. The interrogation does not reveal the presence of any local discomfort or data suggestive of sexually transmitted infection. The examination revealed two lymphadenopathies, one in each groin, 1 cm in diameter, soft, mobile, non-painful. There are no skin lesions on the lower limbs, anus or perineum. Which test do you consider essential?', 'options': {'1': 'A lues serology since it is most likely a Treponema pallidum infection.', '2': 'A gynecological examination to rule out ovarian cancer.', '3': 'By the clinical characteristics it seems to be normal lymph nodes and complementary explorations should not be done.', '4': 'A Paul-Bunnell test should be performed in order to rule out infectious mononucleosis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Aggressive angiomyxoma (AAM) is a rare soft tissue tumour usually of the perineum. There is no report in the surgical literature of a description of AAM in black Africans. To report the first description of AAM in black Africa women in the surgical literature and to highlight the value of special immunostains in the complete characterization these rare tumours. Case one was a 38-year-old pre-menopausal woman who presented with a five-year history of a painless mass in the left buttock extending to the left side of the perineum with recent ulceration. Clinical examination revealed a pale and febrile woman with an ulcerated 60 x 40 cm mass distorting the left gluteal region and the left side of the perineum. In case two, a 28-year old woman reported for the assessment of pedunculated mass arising from the right labium major that has been present for four years. Clinical examination revealed a 19 x 15.5 cm well-circumscribed mass in the perineum. The mass was completely covered by thickened hairy skin and attached to the right labium majored by a short thick stalk that measured 5 cm x 7 cm in size. Both tumours were excised via incisions in the perineum. In both cases the histopathology of the surgical specimens was reported as bland hypocellular tumours with spindle and stellate cells that lacked mitotic activity consistent with a diagnosis of an aggressive angiomyxoma. The clinical and histopathological features of the tumours described in this report are consistent with a diagnosis of aggressive angiomyxoma. To the best of our knowledge this is the first ever report of AAM in black African women.', "Syphilitic balanitis of Follmann (SBF) is a rare condition of primary syphilis which is characterized by any kind of balanitis with or without chancre on the penis combined with the presence of swollen inguinal lymph nodes confirmed by the finding of Treponema pallidum in the lesions or by the positive serological syphilitic testing. Timely identification of the SBF is very important in properly treating the disease stopping the spread of syphilis. A 42year-old heterosexual male patient came to our clinic and complained of a painless, hard erythema nodule with a whitish scale in his coronal sulcus of the penis for about a week. The dermatologic examination revealed an infiltrative, hard erythematous lesion surrounding the coronal sulcus of the patient's penis, with mild erosion and a small amount of exudation. There was a whitish pseudomembrane-like covering on the surface of the erythematous lesion in the coronal sulcus, which is mimicked as candidal balanitis. The result of the fungus microscopic examination was negative, while the laboratory findings showed positive results in serologic syphilitic testing. The patient was diagnosed with primary syphilis and intramuscularly treated with a dose of benzylpenicillin of 2.4 million units. The patient's skin lesions disappeared completely 60 days after penicillin treatment. To our knowledge, this is the first SBF case reported in China. Syphilitic balanitis of Follmann may have variable clinical appearances. We emphasize that when balanitis with risky sexual activities or with sexually transmitted diseases, the diagnosis of SBF should be kept in mind.", 'In autosomal dominant skin conditions, two different types of segmental manifestation can be distinguished. Type 1 represents heterozygosity for a postzygotic mutation, resulting in a degree of severity similar to that of the nonmosaic phenotype. Type 2 reflects loss of heterozygosity and shows an excessively pronounced involvement superimposed on the ordinary nonsegmental phenotype. We describe the clinical, histopathological and therapeutic aspects of the first case of type 2 segmental manifestation of Hailey-Hailey disease (HHD). A 24-year-old woman with a family history of HHD comprising four generations, presented with lesions of erythema and blistering arranged in a unilateral pattern following the lines of Blaschko. The disorder was first noted at the age of 3 months. At the age of 24 years, additional scattered symmetrical lesions involving the axillary and inguinal folds were noted. Histopathological examination of the severely involved linear skin areas revealed pronounced acantholysis within the deep adnexal structures, whereas clinically unaffected skin showed the typical histopathological features of the heterozygous phenotype with suprabasal clefting and acantholysis sparing the adnexae. Dermabrasion was performed in the areas of segmental involvement. During a follow-up period of one year, no recurrence was noted, but 18 months after dermabrasion a recurrence was present in the left submammary and left perianal regions. This therapeutic resistance to dermabrasion may be explained by the presence of acantholysis within the adnexal structures of the skin as found in type 2 segmental HHD.', 'We reported the case of a 53-year-old man who presented with over 25-year history of a soft tissue on the nasal root. The tumor with a diameter of 4 cm was observed on the nasal root, the mass was soft, freely mobile, and painless on palpation. No adhesion with the nasal bone was observed. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed multiple nodular solid tumor masses. There was a region with low contrast in the tumor, and adipose tissue was confirmed. We performed total excision. Histopathological examination revealed that the tumor had multiple nodular lesions, and epithelial component had glandular features and a myxoid stromal component. So, we diagnosed mixed tumor of the skin. To the best of our knowledge, it seems to be the largest in the mixed tumor of the skin that occurred in the nasal root in the previous reports.', "The patient is a newborn girl, born at term by cesarian section, weighing 3,550 g, and measuring 50 cm in length. According to her mother, she had been presenting erythematous spots involving the scalp, face, and trunk since birth that had increased in size with time. The mother denied any other changes and reported normal growth and development. Physical examination at 2 months of age revealed an infant in good general condition, hydrated, with no fever and no abnormalities detected on careful physical examination. The dermatologic examination revealed numerous circumscribed erythematous-brownish flat maculae with sharp borders and irregular contours, with no follicular hyperkeratosis, but with telangiectasias and areas of atrophy. They were lenticular and nummular, especially on the face (peri-orbital heliotropic lesions), and appeared as plaques on the trunk, with a tendency to confluence. The lesions also involved the scalp, neck, and extremities (Fig. 1). Histopathologic examination revealed an atrophic epidermis with focal areas of hydropic degeneration of the basal layer. A discrete perivascular and periannexal lymphohistiocytic infiltrate was observed in the superficial dermis, with melaninophages, frequent extravasation of red blood cells, angiectasia, and edema (Fig. 2). Serologic tests were reactive for antinuclear factor (ANF) (titer 1:100) of the speckled pattern, the presence of anti-Ro antibodies, and absence of anti-RNA and anti-Sm antibodies (Table 1). Blood counts and electrocardiogram were normal (Table 1). HLA typing showed positivity for DR-3 (Table 2). At 5 months of age the patient already showed a marked improvement of the skin lesions with only some areas of discrete pigmentation, a few atrophic areas, and rare telangiectasis (Fig. 3). The serologic tests (ANF, anti-Ro) had become nonreactive and the anti-RNA and anti-Sm tests continued to be negative. Examination of the mother revealed an asymptomatic 25-year-old woman reporting no manifestations suggestive of lupus. General and special physical examination revealed no abnormalities. Dermatologic examination showed no active or residual lesions of discoid or systemic lupus erythematosus. The pregnancy had been uneventful. Histopathologic examination of the girl's skin revealed the epidermis without obvious changes, minimal edema in the dermis, and a discrete perivascular inflammatory mononuclear cell infiltrate. Direct immunofluorescence of normal skin not exposed to the sun was negative. Blood counts revealed mild anemia and a tendency to leukopenia and thrombocytopenia (Table 1). Serologic tests showed reactive ANF (titers 1:400 and 1:800, speckled pattern), the presence of anti-Ro antibodies, and the absense of anti-RNA and anti-Sm antibodies (Table 1). HLA-typing revealed positivity for DR-3 (Table 2)."]}
{'id': 23, 'question': 'A 71-year-old woman with a history of rheumatoid arthritis on sulfasalazine, prednisone and etanercept. She goes to the emergency room for 72 hours of clinical manifestations compatible with facial herpes zoster affecting the right hemiface, auricular pavilion, respecting the forehead and conjunctival chemosis. What would be the appropriate treatment?', 'options': {'1': 'Symptomatic treatment of pain only.', '2': 'Topical treatment with acyclovir.', '3': 'Outpatient treatment with acyclovir, valacyclovir or oral famciclovir.', '4': 'Hospital admission and treatment with acyclovir or famciclovir iv.', '5': 'Parenteral Ig and vaccination.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ["To report the clinical, radiological and neuropathological findings of a patient with rheumatoid meningitis. The patient was a 71-year-old Chinese man with a two-year history of rheumatoid arthritis and no other significant medical history, who presented to our hospital recurrent weakness of his left extremities, dysarthria and a continuous bilateral hand tremor. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and serum examinations were normal apart from a mildly raised serum perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody (p-ANCA). Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed leptomeningeal enhancement in both frontal and parietal lobes, in addition to several old white matter infarcts. Meningeal biopsy showed numerous infiltrating macrophages and lymphocytes within the leptomeninges. The patient responded clinically and radiologically to corticosteroid and cyclophosphamide therapy. The patient subsequently developed herpes zoster over his left chest as a complication of his immunosuppressive treatment. His cyclophosphamide was ceased and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) therapy was commenced, with good clinical response to both the herpes zoster and meningitis. According to the result of the biopsy, aseptic meningitis was considered the MRI results and the patient's clinical history were given, and a diagnosis of rheumatoid meningitis was made. The patient was p-ANCA positive. Although there was no evidence for cerebral vasculitis on biopsy, it remains a possibility that the patient's recurrent minor cerebral infarcts visible on MRI were vasculitic in nature.", 'There are only three cases in the literature that describe development of neurosarcoidosis in a patient who is on tumour necrosis factor α inhibitors. We describe a case of a 33-year-old woman with a history of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and refractory uveitis (with previous treatment trials of adalimumab, infliximab, mycophenolate, methotrexate) who had been stable for 2 years on etanercept. She was diagnosed with biopsy-proven systemic sarcoidosis with meningeal and parenchymal neurosarcoidosis. She was switched to infliximab and methotrexate, with clinical and imaging improvements. This is a case that demonstrates the difficulty of choosing tumour necrosis factor α (TNF-α) inhibitors when treating patients with multiple clinical autoimmune entities. It is also a case where a change in the mechanism of TNF-α inhibition pathway can still be used to treat refractory sarcoidoisis and rheumatoid arthritis. It is still unclear what the exact difference between the TNF-α blockers and their neurological complications is, and who the patients at risk of developing neurological complications are.', "A 25-year-old woman with a 3-year history of rheumatoid arthritis presented 6 months before her first planned pregnancy. At the time of presentation, she was being successfully treated with infliximab and methotrexate. During her pregnancy, the patient discontinued infliximab and methotrexate and her arthritis relapsed. She was treated with low-dose prednisone, sulfasalazine, nimesulide, and intra-articular corticosteroid injections. Oligohydramnios developed at gestational week 18. Laboratory testing, ultrasonography of the fetus and of the patient's affected joints. Active arthritis during pregnancy and oligohydramnios suspected to be caused by nimesulide. Low-dose oral prednisone, sulfasalazine, repeated intra-articular corticosteroid injections. Infliximab and methotrexate were restarted immediately after delivery.", 'A 71-year-old woman with active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) was referred to our department because of multiple intracranial nodules. On admission, the RA disease activity was very high even after the treatment of methotrexate in other hospital. She underwent open biopsy to confirm a histopathological diagnosis of the intracranial lesions. Surgical specimen mainly consisted of necrosis surrounded by epithelioid cells. The masses were reduced spontaneously in size without additional treatment. Eleven month later, the lesions were relapsed. She underwent treatment with corticosteroid, and the lesions were remarkably regressed. The clinical course and histological examination were compatible with rheumatoid nodule (RN). Intracranial RN is extremely rare and its clinical course is not completely understood. In active RA patients, RNs should be considered, and histological diagnosis is inevitable for following suitable treatment. ', 'A 39-year-old man presented with a five-day history of swelling of the right upper eyelid and ocular irritation in the right eye. On the first examination, the patient showed conjunctival injection, conjunctival chemosis, swollen upper eyelid, and palpable lacrimal gland with tenderness on the right side. Magnetic resonance images showed an inflamed right lacrimal gland. Blood test demonstrated negative results for immunoglobulin M of Epstein-Barr, mumps, herpes simplex, and herpes zoster viruses. We administered oral prednisolone (30 mg/day)\xa0based on a possible\xa0diagnosis of idiopathic dacryoadenitis. One week after steroid treatment, the periocular inflammation reduced to some extent although the inflammation\xa0substantially persisted. Four weeks after the steroid treatment, the patient informed us that he had met his friend 10 days before the onset, and that friend had conjunctival injection at that time which was subsequently\xa0diagnosed as an epidemic keratoconjunctivitis. The periocular inflammation subsided, but two corneal white spots were observed on slit-lamp examination.\xa0Although immunochromatographic test for adenovirus was negative, the blood test showed a positive result for immunoglobulin M of adenovirus serotype 3. In eight weeks of follow-up, the number of corneal opacities increased to five spots, but the acute dacryoadenitis did not recur.']}
{'id': 564, 'question': 'A 58-year-old man with a 6-year history of hypertension consults for poor blood pressure control despite treatment with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, a diuretic and a calcium antagonist. On consultation she presented with blood pressure of 149/100 mmHg. Laboratory tests: creatinine 1.2 mg/dl, potassium 2.2 mEq/l and compensated metabolic alkalosis; the rest of the biochemical study, blood count, coagulation and urinary sediment were normal. Point out the correct statement:', 'options': {'1': 'The origin of hypertension in this case is excessive secretion of aldosterone caused by autonomic hyperfunction of the adrenal medulla.', '2': 'In most cases the anatomical substrate is a bilateral hyperplasia of the adrenal cortex.', '3': 'CT scan is part of the diagnostic study in case of biochemical confirmation.', '4': 'Spironolactone is contraindicated in the management of this pathology.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['The patient, a 78-year-old Asian male, was brought to the hospital because of acute shortness of breath that had progressively worsened over the course of the day. He complained of a nonproductive cough and claudication after walking 1 block. His past medical history was significant for mild renal insufficiency (serum creatinine 1.5--2.0 mg/dl), the etiology of which was never explored. Although there was a recent history of mild to moderate hypertension, at presentation his blood pressure was noted to be 240/118 mm Hg in both arms. His physical exam at the time of admission was remarkable for grade II hypertensive retinopathy, an S4 gallop, periumbilical systolic bruits, audible femoral arterial bruits and absent distal lower extremity pulses. Initial complete blood count, serum electrolytes and cardiac enzymes (including lactate dehydrogenase) were normal. His blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine concentrations were 51 and 3.6 mg/dl, respectively, and his urinalysis showed 1+ protein (both by dipstick and sulfasalicylic acid) with a "benign" sediment (0--1 WBC/HPE, 1--2 RBCs/HPF) with occasional granular casts. His electrocardiogram, apart from demonstrating left ventricular hypertrophy with secondary ST-T wave abnormalities, showed no acute changes; his chest X-ray demonstrated cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. He was intubated and subsequently treated with increasing parenteral doses of furosemide (40--240 mg) and a nitroglycerine drip (up to 15 mcg/min). Over the course of the first 48 h, his blood pressure was gradually lowered to 170/100 mm Hg. His urine output increased from 20 ml/h to 125/ml/h, and his respiratory status improved, allowing him to be extubated. In spite of adequate control of his blood pressure in the ensuing days (150--170/80--90 mm Hg), his renal function continued to deteriorate. Renal sonography (without Doppler) demonstrated a right kidney of 9.6 cm and a left kidney of 9.3 cm in length without evidence of hydronephrosis. Both kidneys were noted to be echogenic. Assays for antinuclear antibodies and antineutrophilic cytoplasmic antibodies were negative, and the patient\'s serum complement levels were normal. For several days after his admission, his serum creatinine gradually rose to 10.7 mg/dl, and hemodialysis was initiated for uremic encephalopathy. Because of the high index of suspicion for renal artery stenosis as the case of both his hypertension and renal failure, a renal angiogram was performed. It revealed a 90% occlusion of the right renal artery with ostial involvement and a 70% occlusion of the left renal artery; both kidneys had poor distal renal vasculature and there was marked atherosclerotic disease of the aorta. After being hemodialyzed for 3 treatments, his renal function began to improve spontaneously. His serum creatinine returned to 3.4 mg/dl, and a subsequent 24-hour urine demonstrated a creatinine clearance of 20 ml/min and an excretion of 1.2 g of protein. Following his discharge from the hospital, his renal function remained unchanged for 3 years, and his blood pressure was easily controlled on monotherapy with a long-acting calcium channel blocker. He recently died from pneumonia.', 'Endothelin plays an important role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The aim of the study was to evaluate the safety and hemodynamic and metabolic responses to 6 months treatment with atrasentan, the selective endothelin-A receptor antagonist. Seventy-two patients with multiple cardiovascular risk factors and nonobstructive coronary artery disease on coronary angiogram were randomly assigned in a double-blind manner to atrasentan or placebo. Mean aortic blood pressure decreased from 92+/-10 to 80+/-10 mm Hg (P&lt;0.001) in the atrasentan group and did not change in the placebo group (93+/-10 and 92+/-11 mm Hg; P=0.84). The difference between the groups was significant (P&lt;0.001). No effect on heart rate was observed. In a subgroup of patients not treated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, creatinine level decreased in the atrasentan versus the placebo group (P=0.011). Fasting glucose (P=0.026), glycosylated hemoglobin level (P=0.041), triglyceride l (P=0.013), lipoprotein-A (P=0.046), and uric acid levels (P=0.048) decreased significantly in the atrasentan group compared with the placebo group. No progression of angiographic coronary disease was observed. The most common adverse effects with atrasentan were nasal stuffiness, headache, and edema. In conclusion, 6 months of treatment with atrasentan results in a reduction of blood pressure and improvement in glucose and lipid metabolism. These findings suggest the beneficial role of atrasentan in the treatment of hypertension and metabolic syndrome.', "Control of hypertension remains sub-optimal with only half of patients achieving adequate control. The Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on the Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure guidelines recommend initial use of two antihypertensive agents in patients with stage 2 hypertension. This review discusses the drug combinations that have additive effects and those that do not provide additional benefit while increasing the adverse events. Results from late-breaking trials have shown that combinations of a calcium channel blocker and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor are superior to a diuretic with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor for reducing cardiovascular events. Additionally, in patients with vascular disease with relatively 'controlled' blood pressure at baseline, the combination of an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and angiotensin receptor blocker did not reduce cardiovascular endpoints compared with either monotherapy and modestly increased the incidence of adverse effects. Combination therapy of antihypertensive agents (e.g. angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor/calcium channel blocker, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor/diuretics, and angiotensin receptor blocker/diuretics) as initial therapy in stage 2 hypertension can lead to markedly improved blood pressure control in patients compared with monotherapeutic regimens.", "Low blood pressure and associated postural symptoms are well-recognized manifestations of anaphylaxis. Nonetheless, anaphylaxis can present with high blood pressure and is rarely reported in the literature. We report an unusual presentation of anaphylaxis with severe supine hypertension and orthostatic intolerance. A 43-year-old Asian female presented to the emergency department with generalized itching, hives, and postural dizziness after taking a slow-release diclofenac sodium 100\xa0mg tablet. On admission, the patient was tachycardic with a supine blood pressure of 200/100\xa0mmHg. She had urticaria and bilateral rhonchi. A clinical diagnosis of anaphylaxis was made. She was treated with intravenous hydrocortisone and chlorpheniramine, but intramuscular adrenaline was withheld owing to her high blood pressure. She was kept in the supine position, and her vital parameters were closely monitored. Although the respiratory and cutaneous symptoms improved with treatment, her blood pressure remained elevated. Forty minutes later, the postural dizziness recurred as she sat up on the bed and her blood pressure plummeted from 198/100\xa0mmHg to 80/60\xa0mmHg. She was put back in the supine position immediately, and the blood pressure was restored with three doses of intramuscular adrenaline and a fluid bolus. Her postural symptoms completely resolved after adrenaline, but her blood pressure remained elevated. Two weeks after the initial presentation, a diagnosis of essential hypertension was made, which probably had been undetected. In anaphylaxis, where the cardiovascular system is involved, a blood pressure reduction from baseline is expected in patients with preexisting hypertension. Despite cardiovascular involvement, our patients' blood pressure on presentation to the emergency department was much higher than her pretreatment ambulatory blood pressure, thus making this presentation unusual. Diagnosis and treatment of anaphylaxis can be delayed in patients presenting with high blood pressure. Postural symptoms should alert the clinician to cardiovascular involvement despite elevated supine blood pressure. Early treatment with adrenaline should be considered in these patients with extreme caution.", 'The modalities to treat bleeding polyps include electrocautery snare polypectomy, adrenaline injection, clipping, argon plasma coagulation and surgery. We hereby describe an endoscopic banding ligation method for the management of bleeding gastric polyp in a patient receiving antiplatelet therapy. A 66-year-old man presented with a five month-history of intermittent tarry stool passage, nausea and fatigue. He had a past history of peripheral arterial occlusive disease and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus with end stage renal disease, and regularly took antiplatelet agent (ticlopidine 100\xa0mg thrice daily) for cardiovascular prophylaxis. On examination, the patient was grossly pale, ill in appearance, with a pulse of 110/min and blood pressure of 108/76\xa0mmHg. Laboratory examination revealed hemoglobin of 7.8\xa0g/dl. Endoscopic examination revealed a bleeding sessile polyp over the posterior wall of the antrum. Endoscopic banding ligation was carried out by a pneumoactivated esophageal variceal ligation device set. Bleeding stopped immediately following the procedure, and the patient recovered uneventfully. It is suggested that endoscopic banding ligation is a safe and effective technique for the treatment of bleeding gastrointestinal polyps in patients receiving antiplatelet therapy.']}
{'id': 292, 'question': 'Gustavo comes to the emergency room with skin lesions and general malaise of several days of evolution. He has psoriasiform lesions on the trunk with involvement of palms and soles. He also presents asymmetric non-suppurative joint inflammation and bilateral ocular redness as well as erosions on the glans penis. In the subsequent anamnesis Gustavo recognizes a risky sexual contact 20 days before. What is his diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'HIV infection.', '2': 'Secondary syphilis.', '3': "Reiter's syndrome.", '4': 'Erythema multiforme.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["A 61-year-old man with a 12-year history of quiescent Crohn's disease on mesalamine presented to his gastroenterologist in April 2009, complaining of abdominal cramping, diarrhea, and a 25-lb weight loss over 6 weeks. He did not respond to prednisone 50 mg and 6-mercaptopurine 100 mg daily. Abdominal computed tomography findings revealed diffuse submucosal edema consistent with extensive colitis. Colonoscopy demonstrated diffuse inflammation with erythema, friability, and shallow ulcerations in the rectum and colon. Biopsies were consistent with Crohn's colitis. He was admitted for infliximab infusion for his unremitting diarrhea. Five days before admission, the patient noted mild swelling and redness of the left lower eyelid, which progressed to involve the right lower eyelid with frank pus draining from both eyes. He had no visual impairment or eye pain. Two days before admission, an ophthalmologist prescribed a steroid eyedrop with no relief. He also complained of seropurulent painful skin lesions on his face and scalp, which spread to involve his upper trunk and proximal arms. On admission to the hospital, dermatology, ophthalmology, and infectious disease consultations were obtained to rule out disseminated infection before initiation of infliximab therapy. The patient was afebrile and hemodynamically stable. His oral mucosa was normal. He had prominent bilateral lower eyelid edema, erythema, and superficial erosions with hemorrhagic crusting and frank green purulent drainage from both eyes, with crusting along the lower lash line and bilateral sclera injection (Figure 1). On his scalp, face, trunk, and proximal extremities, he had 25 to 30 erythematous, 4- to 8-mm papulopustules with narrow red halos, some with central necrosis and crusting (Figure 2). Cultures from the purulent ocular drainage and pustules on the trunk and arms were all negative for bacteria, virus, and fungi. Gram stain from the eye drainage showed polymorphonuclear leukocytes without organisms. Tissue cultures were negative for bacterial, fungal, and mycobacterial infection. Skin biopsy taken from the central upper back demonstrated subcorneal pustules with areas of eroded epidermis and collections of neutrophils in the superficial dermis (Figure 3). Special stains were negative for organisms. He received infliximab infusion 5 mg/kg for a total dose of 420 mg over 2 hours. Within 48 hours of infusion, there was notable decrease in size of lesions, in addition to reduction of purulent drainage from both eyes. The patient was discharged home following infliximab infusion. His skin lesions resolved during a period of 2 weeks, leaving small pink atrophic scars. He received his second infusion of infliximab 2 weeks after discharge with continued improvement in his gastrointestinal symptoms.", 'Erythematous scaly papules on the palms and soles are a common manifestation of secondary syphilis. We report a case of 19-year-old male who presented with erythematous, scaly, psoriasiform lesions over the palms and glans penis. The papules over the palms showed tenderness on blunt vertical pressure. There was a history of sexual contact and ulcer over the glans around 2 months back, which resolved on its own. Venereal Disease Research Laboratory test was positive in 1:32 dilution. <iTreponema pallidum</i hemagglutination test was also positive. This case highlights the atypical presentation of secondary syphilis.', "Sweet's syndrome is a skin manifestation of various systemic infections, drugs, malignancies and autoimmune disorders. There are very few case reports describing the relationship between Sweet's syndrome and non-tubercular mycobacterium infection. Further development of Sweet's syndrome secondary to mycobacterium tuberculosis (active pulmonary tuberculosis) is extremely uncommon and this is the second well established case reported from India. Here we report a forty eight year old man who presented with multiple erythematous and tender plaques over neck, palms and sides of soles. He also had high grade fever, headache, myalgias, cough, chest pain and difficulty in breathing. With clinical possibilities of (1) Sweet's syndrome with pulmonary involvement and (2) Sweet's syndrome secondary to pulmonary infection, we send the skin biopsy for histopathological examination and also advised routine laboratory plus imaging investigations to find out the underlying cause. Clinical and lab parameters together with the biopsy report fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for Sweet's syndrome. Further chest X-ray findings, demonstration of acid fast bacilli of mycobacterium tuberculosis on sputum smear microscopy and MGIT report confirmed the diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis. Patient was put on colchicine and standard anti-tubercular drugs. Significant improvement was noticed in skin lesions within five days of treatment and no recurrence has been seen for the past six months.", 'A 76-year-old Japanese man presented with a 6-year history of a sore throat. He was treated at several clinics without any improvement before being referred to us. Physical examination revealed widespread erosions and ulcers from the palate to the larynx. Approximately 25 × 15 mm in size, erosive lesions were present on the retroauricular regions, forearms, and glans penis. Pseudomembranous conjunctivitis was also observed. The skin biopsy revealed a partial cleft formation below the epidermis, suggesting subepidermal bullous disease. Immuno-serological tests were negative for anti-desmoglein 1 (Dsg1), anti-Dsg3, anti-BP180, and anti-BP230 antibodies by ELISAs. A whole-body examination revealed gastric cancer. The possibility of mucous membrane pemphigoid (MMP) or paraneoplastic pemphigus (PNP) was considered. Indirect immunofluorescence using rat bladders showed positive IgG reactivity with cell surfaces on the transitional epithelia. Immunoblotting using recombinant proteins of laminin-332 showed both IgG and IgA reactivities with laminin-α3, and immunoblotting using normal human epidermal extract showed double-positive reactivities with envoplakin and periplakin for both IgG and IgA antibodies. Based on the clinical and histopathological features and results of various immuno-serological tests, our case was diagnosed as anti-laminin-332-type MMP with serological findings of PNP. Twenty days after laparoscopic gastrectomy, treatment with oral methylprednisolone 32 mg/day was initiated, and mucosal and skin lesions improved.', 'A 60-year-old cachexic man visited the dermatology outpatient department with fluid-filled lesions on much of his body. He had an intermittent high-grade fever, diarrhea, and vomiting for the past 2 months associated with weight loss and decreased appetite. He admitted to having taken norfloxacin 400 mg twice daily for 3 days for diarrhea, 5 days prior to the onset of the lesions. Physical examination revealed pallor and significant lymphadenopathy (cervical, axillary, and inguinal), and his body mass index (BMI) was 17.67. There were generalized, bizarre-shaped, discrete, as well as coalescing, vesicles and bullae over a diffusely erythematous skin. Characteristic "string of pearls morphology" could be seen over the trunk (Figure 1A and 1B). The trunk exhibited sheets of skin peeling with underlying erosions and Nikolsky sign was positive (Figure 1C), although there was no cutaneous tenderness or mucosal involvement. A Tzanck smear revealed the presence of neutrophils and eosinophils but no acantholytic cells. There was moderate hepatomegaly (7 cm below the costal margins).']}
{'id': 477, 'question': '35-year-old man admitted for severe chest trauma with multiple rib fractures. After responding favorably to treatment with analgesics and oxygen, he begins to present severe hypoxemia. Indicate the most probable cause of this deterioration:', 'options': {'1': 'Chest wall instability due to multiple fractures.', '2': 'Aspiration respiratory infection.', '3': 'Alteration of gas exchange due to pulmonary contusion.', '4': 'Post-traumatic hypovolemia.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["Given its importance in trauma practice, we aimed to determine the pathologies associated with blunt chest injuries and to analyze the accurate identification of patients at high risk for major chest trauma. We reviewed our experience with 1490 patients with blunt chest injuries who were admitted over a 2-year period. Patients were divided into three groups based on the presence of rib fractures. The groups were evaluated to demonstrate the relationship between the number of rib fractures and associated injuries. The possible effects of age and Injury Severity Score (ISS) on mortality were analyzed. Mean hospitalization time was 4.5 days. Mortality rate was 1% for the patients with blunt chest trauma, 4.7% in patients with more than two rib fractures and 17% for those with flail chest. There was significant association between the mortality rate and number of rib fractures, the patient's age and ISS. The rate of development of pneumothorax and/or hemothorax was 6.7% in patients with no rib fracture, 24.9% in patients with one or two rib fractures and 81.4% in patients with more than two rib fractures. The number of rib fractures was significantly related with the presence of hemothorax or pneumothorax. Achieving better results in the treatment of patients with chest wall injury depend on a variety of factors. The risk of mortality was associated with the presence of more than two rib fractures, with patients over the age of 60 years and with an ISS greater than or equal to 16 in chest trauma. Those patients at high risk for morbidity and mortality and the suitable approach methods for them should be acknowledged.", 'Two cases of intraabdominal organ injuries due to blunt chest trauma are reported. A 58-year-old man was admitted to our hospital with multiple rib fractures, hemopneumothorax and left flail chest. An emergency operation was performed and intraoperative findings revealed that the fractured rib was penetrating through the diaphragm to the stomach. A 52-year-old woman was admitted to our hospital with left multiple rib fractures and hemopneumothorax. Her treatment included chest tube drainage, but a week after admission, intraabdominal bleeding occurred due to a ruptured spleen, necessitating an emergency operation (splenectomy). Blunt chest trauma injury is usually accompanied by multisystem injury. Therefore, it is important to detect intraabdominal injury during an emergency operation and the follow-up period.', "The early recognition of life-threatening injury is paramount to the prompt initiation of appropriate care. This study assesses the importance of multiple rib fractures as a marker of severe injury in children. We analyzed physiologic, etiologic, and injury data for 2,080 children with blunt or penetrating trauma aged 0-14 years consecutively admitted to a Level I pediatric trauma center. Analysis of variance, Student's t-test, and the Chi-square test of independence were used to test for differences between children with rib fractures and other children. Probability of survival was modeled using stepwise logistic regression. There were 14 deaths among 33 children with rib fractures, a mortality rate of 42%. Child abuse accounted for 63% of the injuries to children less than 3 years old, while pedestrian injuries predominated among older children. Children with rib fractures were significantly more severely injured than children with blunt or penetrating trauma but without rib fractures. When compared to children without rib fractures, children with rib fractures had a higher mortality rate, but no statistically significant difference in morbidity. The mortality rate for the 18 children with both rib fractures and head injury was 71%. A logistic model with variables measuring severity of head injury and number of ribs fractured correctly predicted survival in more than 85% of children with thoracic trauma. Although rib fractures are rare injuries in childhood, they are associated with a high risk of death. The risk of mortality increases with the number of ribs fractured. The combination of rib fractures and head injury was usually fatal.", 'In recent years, there has been increasing interest in the treatment of patients with rib fractures. However, the current literature on the epidemiology and outcomes of rib fractures is outdated and inconsistent. Furthermore, although it has been suggested that there is a large heterogeneity among patients with traumatic rib fractures, there is insufficient literature reporting on the outcomes of different subgroups. A retrospective cohort study using the National Trauma Data Bank was performed. All adult patients with one or more traumatic rib fractures or flail chest who were admitted to a hospital between January 2010 and December 2016 were identified by the International Classification of Diseases Ninth Revision diagnostic codes. Of the 564\u2009798 included patients with one or more rib fractures, 44.9% (n=2\u200953\u2009564) were patients with polytrauma. Two per cent had open rib fractures (n=11\u2009433, 2.0%) and flail chest was found in 4% (n=23\u2009388, 4.1%) of all cases. Motor vehicle accidents (n=237\u2009995, 51.6%) were the most common cause of rib fractures in patients with polytrauma and flail chest. Blunt chest injury accounted for 95.5% (n=5\u200939\u2009422) of rib fractures. Rib fractures in elderly patients were predominantly caused by high and low energy falls (n=67\u2009675, 51.9%). Ultimately, 49.5% (n=2\u200979\u2009615) of all patients were admitted to an intensive care unit, of whom a quarter (n=146\u2009191, 25.9%) required invasive mechanical ventilatory support. The overall mortality rate was 5.6% (n=31\u2009524). Traumatic rib fractures are a marker of severe injury as approximately half of patients were patients with polytrauma. Furthermore, patients with rib fractures are a very heterogeneous group with a considerable difference in epidemiology, injury characteristics and in-hospital outcomes. Worse outcomes were predominantly observed among patients with polytrauma and flail chest. Future studies should recognize these differences and treatment should be evaluated accordingly. II/III.', "We present 2 patients who developed spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) following rapid regression of lymphoma and rhabdomyosarcoma with lung metastases. Case 1, a 43-year old man was admitted to our hospital with dyspnea 10 days before admission. He denied any recent trauma or previous treatment for lung tuberculosis. Three weeks prior to admission, he received first cycle of CHOP for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma stage II BE. Chest X-ray consistent with right pneumothorax. After treatment with chest tube drainage for about 1 month, the patient recovered and chemotherapy could be continued without further complications. Case 2, a 35- year old man was admitted to other hospital with dyspnea and chest pain on day 4 after second cycle of systemic combined chemotherapy for rhabdomyosarcoma stage IV (lung metastases) with doxorubicin, ifosfamide, mesna, and dacarbazine. Chest X-ray showed hydropneumothorax on right and left lung. After treatment with chest tube drainage about 2 weeks, the patient recovered and chemotherapy could be continued without further complications. The mechanism of pneumothorax following chemotherapy is not clearly understood yet, however, several hypotheses have been considered: 1) the rupture of a subpleural bulla after chemotherapy; 2) the rupture of an emphysematous bulla in an over expanded portion of the lung which is partially obstructed by a neoplasm; 3) tumor lyses or necrosis due to cytotoxic chemotherapy directly induces the formation of fistula. Dyspnea and chest pain suddenly appear during successful chemotherapy for metastatic chemosensitive tumors should alert the physician to the possibility of SP. The treatment is directed toward lung re-expansion. Chemotherapy induced pneumothorax should be considered as oncologic emergency. "]}
{'id': 572, 'question': 'A 66-year-old woman with type 2 diabetes mellitus. When assessing her renal function, she presents a G3a/A1 stage. To which values does this stage correspond, the most frequent in patients with diabetic nephropathy?', 'options': {'1': 'Glomerular filtration rate 45-59 ml/min/1.73 m² and albuminuria <30 mg/ml.', '2': 'Glomerular filtration rate 30-44 ml/min/1.73 m² and albuminuria <30 mg/ml.', '3': 'Glomerular filtration rate 45-59 ml/min/1.73 m² and albuminuria 30-300 mg/ml.', '4': 'Glomerular filtration rate 15-29 ml/min/1.73 m² and albuminuria <30 mg/ml.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['We present three cases of IgA nephropathy with gross hematuria following severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccination. Case 1 was a 60-year-old woman who has previously experienced transient proteinuria. Case 2 was a 22-year-old woman with no history of urinary abnormality. Finally, case 3 was a 66-year-old woman who has had microscopic hematuria since she was in her 50s. They were all diagnosed as IgA nephropathy with little histological active lesion. Their renal function and proteinuria improved without the use of corticosteroids. There were differences in the findings of vascular endothelial damage based on the time between the appearance of gross hematuria and renal biopsy. Glomerular endocapillary damage could be a part of the mechanism triggered by mRNA vaccination. When a patient presents with gross hematuria following vaccination, a comprehensive approach including renal biopsy should be considered.', 'The prognosis of diabetic patients on renal replacement therapy (RRT) is usually poor. We report on the type 1 diabetic woman with the longest RRT follow-up in our area: over 20 years, half on dialysis, half with a renal graft. CS started RRT at age 27 on peritoneal dialysis (3 years), continued until an underdialysis syndrome developed, was switched to acetate dialysis and, because of poor tolerance, to hemofiltration which with good clinical results, allowing her to become the first Italian patient on home hemofiltration, which continued for 5 years. A cadaver graft lasted for the subsequent decade, despite several complications; afterwards she resumed bicarbonate dialysis, choosing a frequent home hemodialysis schedule. Despite several vascular access problems, her clinical conditions were good enough to candidate her for a second renal transplant, performed 3 years ago. This history of active self-care may draw attention to the advantages of a multiple choice dialysis network.', 'Spontaneous muscle infarction is a rare complication of diabetes mellitus, mainly affecting women and patients with long-lasting type 1 diabetes. This report is aimed to describe the case of a patient with type 1 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy in whom a severe deterioration of renal function was triggered by a muscle infarction. Subject of the study was a 33-years-old woman with an 18 years history of type 1 diabetes mellitus, proliferative diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy at stage 3 chronic kidney disease, somatic sensory-motor polyneuropathy and autonomic neuropathy. The patient presented with severe pain and dysfunction of the left thigh without prior trauma plus progressive deterioration of the renal function. Nuclear magnetic resonance of the thigh showed inflammatory changes in the external vastus with hyperintensity on T2 sequence and edema of the subcutaneous cellular tissue. After other possible etiologies were ruled out, a clinical diagnosis of spontaneous muscle infarction was established. The patient needed hospital admission for two months, during which the renal function worsened until she required hemodialysis. No other possible triggers of kidney injury were identified. Up to our knowledge, this is the first described case where muscle infarction is suspected to have caused exacerbation of an existing chronic kidney failure. Monitoring the renal function should be considered in patients with diabetic nephropathy presenting with this rare complication of diabetes.', 'Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is becoming more and more prevalent in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Evidence connecting NAFLD to diabetic retinopathy (DR) is increasing, but the results vary. Thus, we undertook a meta-analysis to explore the effect of NAFLD on diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. PubMed, Embase, Cochrane and Scopus database were searched for until September 30, 2019. Original studies analyzing the association between NAFLD and diabetic retinopathy in the type 2 diabetic population were included. This meta-analysis was processed by RevMan 5.3 software. Subgroup analyses based on countries were carried out. The pooled odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were used to evaluate the association between NAFLD and diabetic retinopathy incidence. The I<sup2</sup test was used to assess heterogeneity of studies. We retrieved 414 articles, and nine studies involving 7,170 patients were included in the final analysis. The pooled effects estimate suggested that NAFLD was not associated with the risk of diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Subgroup analysis suggested that in China, Korea and Iran, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with NAFLD had a decreased risk for diabetic retinopathy compared with the non-NAFLD individuals. However, in Italy and India, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with NAFLD had an increased risk for diabetic retinopathy compared with the non-NAFLD individuals. In addition, no relevance between NAFLD and diabetic retinopathy was found in America. On the whole, there was no association between NAFLD and diabetic retinopathy in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, subgroup analysis showed that a difference of country may have an influence on the result.', 'Up to one third of people with type 1 or 2 diabetes will develop microalbuminuria or macroalbuminuria after 20 years. We conducted a systematic review and aimed to answer the following clinical questions: What are the effects of treatments in people with type 1 diabetes and early nephropathy? What are the effects of treatments in people with type 1 diabetes and late nephropathy? What are the effects of treatments in people with type 2 diabetes and early nephropathy? What are the effects of treatments in people with type 2 diabetes and late nephropathy? We searched: Medline, Embase, The Cochrane Library, and other important databases up to November 2009 (Clinical Evidence reviews are updated periodically, please check our website for the most up-to-date version of this review). We included harms alerts from relevant organisations such as the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). We found 19 systematic reviews, RCTs, or observational studies that met our inclusion criteria. We performed a GRADE evaluation of the quality of evidence for interventions. In this systematic review we present information relating to the effectiveness and safety of the following interventions: angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers, glycaemic control, protein restriction, and tight control of blood pressure.']}
{'id': 180, 'question': 'A 29-year-old patient comes to your office with a diagnosis of severe bone marrow aplasia. What is the treatment of choice?', 'options': {'1': 'Periodic transfusions and antibiotics.', '2': 'Androgens and platelet transfusions.', '3': 'Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation if HLA identical sibling.', '4': 'Autologous bone marrow transplantation to avoid rejection.', '5': 'Cyclosporin A and antithymocyte globulin.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['A case of scleroderma associated with pancytopenia is reported. The Authors point out that the severe haematological defect was not caused by autoimmune mechanisms and/or by iron, B12 or folic acid deficiency but it was related to bone marrow aplasia. The microangiopathy of scleroderma is taken into consideration as a possible factor responsible of the bone marrow failure.', 'In an effort to improve response rate and survival in small cell carcinoma of the lung, considerable attention has been focused on induction therapy with intensive chemotherapeutic regimens. The morbidity and mortality of such therapeutic programs have been of considerable concern. The hematologic and infectious complications of highly intensive induction chemotherapy in 72 patients with small cell lung cancer treated at the Johns Hopkins Oncology Center were reviewed, and guidelines for the management of aplasia in this patient population are suggested. Bone marrow aplasia was severe, with 90 percent of 140 cycles of therapy associated with the development of fever. However, during only 20 percent of febrile episodes could a specific site of infection or pathogen be identified. Prophylactic platelet transfusions were administered during 42 percent of courses because of severe thrombocytopenia (platelet count below 20,000/mm3). Only a single significant bleeding episode developed during therapy. The occurrence of bacteremia (9.3 percent of cycles) was strongly associated with the development of severe thrombocytopenia. There were no deaths during aplasia. It is concluded that intensive combination chemotherapy can be safely administered to this elderly patient population with acceptable morbidity provided there is strict adherence to the unique principles of antibiotic usage and platelet support during bone marrow aplasia.', 'Drug-induced aplastic anemia is one of the few life-threatening reactions to drugs. Although the majority of reported cases have been associated with chloramphenicol, many drugs have the potential to be toxic to the bone marrow. There are two distinct types of toxicity with differing pathogenic mechanisms--a dose-related reversible marrow aplasia and a dose-independent idiosyncratic aplasia with a high mortality. These two forms of marrow suppression may be difficult to distinguish. The pathogenesis of idiosyncratic marrow aplasia is not well understood. Various studies have demonstrated biochemical, immune, pharmacokinetic, and genetic defects that could affect hematopoietic stem cells. The clinical significance of the reported experimental findings is not established. The prognosis of drug-induced aplastic anemia is similar to that of idiopathic aplastic anemia. Patients with this condition respond to bone marrow transplantation or immunosuppressive therapy in a manner similar to patients with idiopathic marrow aplasia. Many questions regarding drug-induced aplastic anemia remain to be answered; little progress has been made in the last decade.', 'Prognosis of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer is poor with a median survival of 12 to 36 months. Bone metastasis is common, and bone marrow metastasis occurs later in the disease course. The median survival in these patients after bone marrow involvement is less than six months. We report a case of castrate-resistant prostate cancer patient presented with severe pancytopenia due to bone marrow involvement of prostate cancer, treated successfully with docetaxel chemotherapy. Post chemotherapy, the patient became transfusion independent and prostate-specific antigen improved to 0.1\u2009ng/ml from 1051\u2009ng/ml. A 70-year-old gentleman with a history of metastatic prostate cancer on androgen deprivation therapy and polycythemia vera presented to emergency room with dizziness and melena. Workup revealed severe pancytopenia with platelet count of 12k and hemoglobin of 4.5\u2009gm/dl. Bone marrow biopsy confirmed diffuse involvement of bone marrow with prostate cancer. Prostate-specific antigen was 1051\u2009gm/dl. <bManagement and outcome:</b The patient received 14\u2009units of packed red blood cell, 10\u2009units of platelet transfusion within one week. Docetaxel chemotherapy was started along with thrombopoietin agonist romiplostim and pegylated filgrastim. He received five cycles of docetaxel treatment. Post chemotherapy, the patient became transfusion independent and prostate-specific antigen improved to 1.17\u2009ng/ml from 1051\u2009ng/ml. The patient is still alive one year after the presentation with good quality of life and the prostate-specific antigen further improved to 0.1\u2009ng/dl. This case suggests that selected patients with severe pancytopenia, due to bone marrow infiltration of prostate cancer, can be treated with docetaxel chemotherapy and romiplostim support with significant response. Docetaxel treatment may be beneficial to unpack the marrow and for quicker response in patients with good performance status.', 'Acute liver failure (ALF) is a rare entity, particularly in the context of Budd-Chiari syndrome (BCS). BCS is an uncommon disorder with multiple risk factors, most commonly myeloproliferative disorders. In BCS, active search and exclusion of underlying malignancy is mandatory, particularly in the context of ALF, as it may contraindicate liver transplantation (LT). We present the case of a healthy 29-year-old male, without known risk factors for liver disease, who presented to the emergency department with abdominal pain, ascites, and jaundice. BCS with consequent severe acute liver injury with rapid progression to ALF was diagnosed. The patient was listed for LT. The study of peripheral blood finally revealed myeloid blasts, and flow cytometry showed a population of blast cells with abnormal immunophenotypic profile (CD33+ and myeloperoxidase, MPO+). The bone marrow biopsy showed morphological and immunophenotypic aspects of acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) FAB M1. This diagnosis was considered a formal contraindication to LT, so the patient was delisted. ALF contraindicated rescue chemotherapy and AML contraindicated LT. The patient died 48 h after ICU admission. The search for underlying neoplasia is mandatory in the context of BCS, moreover with associated ALF, as it may limit lifesaving treatments and interventions to supportive and palliative care.']}
{'id': 270, 'question': 'A young man comes to the emergency room with a second-degree flame burn of 10% of the body surface, affecting the right arm in an extensive and circular manner. There is no arterial pulse in the hand measured by Doppler. What is the treatment of choice?', 'options': {'1': 'Occlusive sulfadiazine-arginine cures and depth assessment at one week.', '2': 'Lymphatic drainage and assess a vascular by-pass.', '3': 'Escharotomy or emergency decompression incisions.', '4': 'Expectant management.', '5': 'Amputation of the extremity.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['In 1975, serial subculture of human keratinocytes was first described. Clinical application of this discovery was made possible after the preparation of these cells into epithelial sheets. In 1981, the earliest application of cultured autologous epithelia was made for the treatment of extensive third-degree burns. Although the most important advantage is the large surface area obtained from a relatively small biopsy of healthy skin from the patient, a disadvantage is the delay, which is too long, especially for the treatment of extensive deep burns. This delay leads to denutrition and infection of the burn wounds, which in turn risks the life of the patient and jeopardizes the engraftment of the cultures. More recently, allogenic cultured epidermis, obtained more quickly from donor skin, has been described in the treatment of leg ulcers, repair of skin donor site harvested for split thickness autograft, dermatological diseases and in second-degree burns, although limited to certain areas. In this last case, grafted cells act by stimulation of epithelialisation from the adnexal appendages. To be able rapidly to treat patients suffering extensive and deep second-degree burns, a bank of allogenic keratinocytes has been created, with due attention to safety and security. The paper demonstrates the advantages of using allogenic keratinocytes in the first phase of treatment of a 97% deep second-degree burn patient awaiting autologous cultured keratinocytes. The time required for complete healing achieved using such a strategy is compared with the results obtained after treatment using autologous sheets of two patients burnt on 80% and 82% of their total body area. The treatment of these two latter patients is relatively long and complicated by potentially lethal problems. In the 97% burnt patient, however, the clinical course is shorter and without complication. Moreover, autologous and allogenic cultured epithelia give good aesthetic results, without the mesh aspect obtained with a split-thickness autograft, and also without the discomfort for the patient of removing a sample of skin. Deep second-degree burns are an application of choice for the cultured epithelia, as the presence of the dermis avoids retractions responsible for functional complications usually observed in third-degree burns where dermis is absent. Because of the safety of the bank of allogenic keratinocytes, the treatment of extensive and deep second-degree burns has become safer and faster, with better functional and aesthetic results.', 'Angio-osteohypotrophic syndrome is also known as Servelle-Martorell angiodysplasia. It is characterized by venous or, rarely, arterial malformations, which may result in limb hypertrophy and bony hypoplasia. Extensive involvement of the upper limb is a rare feature of Servelle-Martorell syndrome. Cases with minimal upper limb involvement have been described in the literature. A young man presented with multiple separate swollen areas over the right upper limb and functional difficulty since birth. The arm muscles and muscles of the limb girdle were atrophic. The forearm and hand bones were hypoplastic and tender. We report a case of Servelle-Martorell syndrome with extensive involvement of the entire upper limb and periscapular region. Servelle-Martorell syndrome is highlighted as one of the causes of angiodysplastic limb hypertrophy.', "The measurement of handgrip strength (HGS) is an indicator of an individual's overall strength and can serve as a predictor of morbidity and mortality. This study aims to investigate whether HGS is associated with handedness in young adults and if it is influenced by anthropometric characteristics, body composition, and sport-related parameters. We conducted a cross-sectional study on a sample of 544 young Italian adults aged 18-30 years. We measured HGS using a dynamometer and collected data on handedness and physical activity, along with anthropometric measurements. In both sexes, the HGS of the dominant side was significantly greater than that of the non-dominant side. Furthermore, in ambidextrous individuals, the right hand was stronger than the left. A comparison between the lowest and the highest tercile of HGS highlighted its significant association with anthropometric and body composition parameters in both sexes. Moreover, sex, dominant upper arm muscle area, arm fat index, fat mass, and fat-free mass were found to be significant predictors of HGS by multiple regression analysis. Our findings suggest that HGS is especially influenced by body composition parameters and handedness category. Therefore, HGS can be used as a proxy for unhealthy conditions with impairment of muscle mass, provided that the dominance in the laterality of the subject under examination is taken into account.", 'The burn treatment room at our tertiary-care centre is run by a multidisciplinary team, providing care to primarily burn patients who require moderate to deep sedation to undergo dressing changes in a monitored setting outside the operating room. There is little literature on the safety, efficacy, and logistics of treating outpatient pediatric burn patients in this manner. This study reviews the safety of deep sedation in the burn treatment room. A retrospective chart review of patients with burns treated in the burn treatment room from 2013 to 2015 was conducted. Patient demographics, diagnosis, procedure details, sedation, and adverse events were recorded. Data were analyzed descriptively. Sevety-four patients with burns had a total of 308 visits in the burn treatment room for burn bath and/or dressing changes. Scald burns were the most common mechanism of injury (n = 56). Most burns were superficial and mid-dermal (54%), initially estimated at 5% to 10% TBSA (50%). Of the 308 visits, 304 required sedation. Adverse events were recorded in 11 (3.6%) of 304 sedated procedures. None of these events were critical: 7 patients required intravenous conversion due to inadequate oral sedation, 2 experienced brief apnea episodes but recovered spontaneously, and 2 had delayed discharge of more than 2 hours due to residual sedation. The burn treatment room is a safe and effective setting for treating pediatric burn patients, bypassing what might historically require operating suite inpatient management.', 'Hands are the part of the body that are most commonly involved in burns, and the main complications are finger joint contractures and nerve injuries. Hypertrophic scarring cannot be avoided despite early management of acute hand burn injuries, and some patients may need the application of an exoskeleton robot to restore hand function. To do this, it is essential to individualize the customization of the robot for each patient. Three-dimensional (3D) technology, which is widely used in the field of implants, anatomical models, and tissue fabrication, makes this goal achievable. Therefore, this report is a study on the usefulness of an exoskeleton robot using 3D technology for patients who lost bilateral hand function due to burn injury. Our subject was a 45-year-old man with upper limb dysfunction of 560 days after a flame and chemical burn injury, with resultant impairment of manual physical abilities. After wearing an exoskeleton robot made using 3D printing technology, he could handle objects effectively and satisfactorily. This innovative approach provided considerable advantages in terms of customization of size and reduction in manufacturing time and costs, thereby showing great potential for use in patients with hand dysfunction after burn injury.']}
{'id': 368, 'question': 'While you are on call in the Emergency Department of your hospital, you have to attend a 64-year-old patient with acute respiratory failure. His clinical condition is critical, with low oxygen saturation and hemodynamic instability. An urgent chest X-ray was performed showing atelectasis of 2/3 of the right lung. Orotracheal intubation and assisted ventilation were performed, with Fi02 of 1.0. Subsequent arterial blood gas analysis showed pH 7.23, Pa02 60 mmHg and PaC02 30 mmHg. What was the cause of the hypoxemia?', 'options': {'1': 'Short circuit.', '2': 'Hypoventilation.', '3': 'Low inspired 02 pressure.', '4': 'Neuromuscular disease.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['IV magnesium sulfate was administered to a 72-year-old man with acute respiratory failure secondary to a severe asthma attack. The patient had clinically deteriorated despite aggressive standard treatment and evidenced acidosis and hypercarbia by arterial blood gas determination. An IV dose of 1 g MgSO4 produced rapid clinical and arterial blood gas improvement and enabled management of the patient without endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation. This is the first reported case of the use of IV MgSO4 to prevent intubation and assisted ventilation in a patient with acute respiratory failure complicating asthma.', 'A case is reported of a 69-year-old man who sustained a total atelectasis of his right lung while undergoing ilio-tibial bypass surgery. This patient had a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The plain chest film showed a possible right-sided segmental atelectasis as well as pleural thickening on the same side. Lung function tests showed up a small obstructive syndrome, with mild hypoxaemia (Pao2 60.5 mmHg). The procedure was performed under epidural anaesthesia, carried out with 20 ml of 0.5% bupivacaine and 0.1 mg fentanyl. The upper level of anaesthesia was T4. The patient was sedated with flunitrazepam. He was given oxygen because arterial blood appeared to be somewhat dark. Despite this, the patient became grey, agitated, and had tachypnoea, together with absent breath sounds on the right side. A chest X-ray confirmed the diagnosis of total atelectasis of the right lung. Fiberoptic bronchoscopy was carried out, and a purulent mucous plug was removed. The patient improved and recovered from this episode totally. Blood gases were measured 1 month later; there was no difference with the preoperative values, except for correction of the hypoxaemia (Pao2 76 mmHg). The different factors possibly involved in the pathogenesis of the plug are discussed. It is likely that general anaesthesia would not have avoided this complication.', 'A 24-year-old woman came to the emergency room of our hospital, 6 hours after a sting to the pulp of her middle finger of her left upper limb by an Indian red scorpion. On examination, she had tachycardia, tachypnoea, hypotension and low oxygen saturation at room temperature. On auscultation, there was poor air entry in all areas of the right lung along with crackles. The left lung field was normal on auscultation. Chest X-ray showed unilateral haziness of right lung field. Two-dimensional echocardiography showed clinical findings of myocarditis. Arterial blood gas showed metabolic acidosis with severe hypoxaemia, suggestive of type 1 respiratory failure. After intubation and initiating ventillatory support, the patient was given intravenous analgesics, antihistaminic and infiltrated of site of bite with 2% xylocaine. The patient was started on inotropes, alpha receptor blocker, intravenous steroids, bronchodilators and diuretics support. The patient clinically improved over the course of treatment and was subsequently discharged.', "Atelectasis is a reversible factor in hypoxemia among brain-dead donors. In ineligible donors, prone positioning reverses atelectasis and improves oxygenation. We present a successful lung transplantation after salvaging a previously unviable lung. A 37-year-old woman presented with acute pontine hemorrhage that progressed to brain death. The initial partial pressure of oxygen (PaO<sub2</sub)/fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO<sub2</sub) ratio of the donor's lung was 342\xa0mmHg. The PaO<sub2</sub/FiO<sub2</sub ratio dropped to 49\xa0mmHg due to atelectasis. There was no improvement despite recruitment maneuvers, bronchoscopy, and chest percussion. After placing the donor in the prone position for four hours, electrical impedance tomography showed improved atelectasis. The donor did not experience hemodynamic instability. The lung was transplanted into a patient with Kartagener's syndrome with situs inversus. The surgical procedure was uneventful. He was successfully weaned from the mechanical ventilator on the second-day post-transplantation and was discharged from the hospital after 4\xa0weeks.", 'Our aim was to define the relationship of PaO(2) and pulse oxygen saturation values during routine clinical practice and to evaluate whether pulse oxygen saturation values between 85% and 93% were associated with PaO(2) levels of &lt;40 mmHg. Prospective comparison of PaO(2) and pulse oxygen saturation values in 7 NICUs at sea level in 2 countries was performed. The PaO(2) measurements were obtained from indwelling arterial catheters; simultaneous pulse oxygen saturation values were recorded if the pulse oxygen saturation values changed &lt;1% before, during, and after the arterial gas sample was obtained. We evaluated 976 paired PaO(2)/pulse oxygen saturation values in 122 neonates. Of the 976 samples, 176 (18%) from infants breathing room air had a mean pulse oxygen saturation of 93.9 +/- 4.3% and a median of 95.5%. The analysis of 800 samples from infants breathing supplemental oxygen revealed that, when pulse oxygen saturation values were 85% to 93%, the mean PaO(2) was 56 +/- 14.7 mmHg and the median 54 mmHg. At this pulse oxygen saturation level, 86.8% of the samples had PaO(2) values of 40 to 80 mmHg, 8.6% had values of &lt;40 mmHg, and 4.6% had values of &gt;80 mmHg. When the pulse oxygen saturation values were &gt;93%, the mean PaO(2) was 107.3 +/- 59.3 mmHg and the median 91 mmHg. At this pulse oxygen saturation level, 39.5% of the samples had PaO(2) values of 40 to 80 mmHg and 59.5% had values of &gt;80 mmHg. High PaO(2) occurs very rarely in neonates breathing supplemental oxygen when their pulse oxygen saturation values are 85% to 93%. This pulse oxygen saturation range also is infrequently associated with low PaO(2) values. Pulse oxygen saturation values of &gt;93% are frequently associated with PaO(2) values of &gt;80 mmHg, which may be of risk for some newborns receiving supplemental oxygen.']}
{'id': 167, 'question': 'If in a patient with chronic heart failure we detect prominent v waves in the jugular venous pulse and on cardiac auscultation a holosystolic murmur is auscultated in the area of the xiphoid appendage that is accentuated with deep inspiration. What is the valvulopathy responsible for this physical examination?', 'options': {'1': 'Mitral insufficiency.', '2': 'Pulmonary insufficiency.', '3': 'Tricuspid insufficiency.', '4': 'Aortic insufficiency.', '5': 'Aortic stenosis.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Cardiac auscultation is one of the most cost-effective techniques used to detect and identify many heart conditions. Computer-assisted decision systems based on auscultation can support physicians in their decisions. Unfortunately, the application of such systems in clinical trials is still minimal since most of them only aim to detect the presence of extra or abnormal waves in the phonocardiogram signal, i.e., only a binary ground truth variable (normal vs abnormal) is provided. This is mainly due to the lack of large publicly available datasets, where a more detailed description of such abnormal waves (e.g., cardiac murmurs) exists. To pave the way to more effective research on healthcare recommendation systems based on auscultation, our team has prepared the currently largest pediatric heart sound dataset. A total of 5282 recordings have been collected from the four main auscultation locations of 1568 patients, in the process, 215780 heart sounds have been manually annotated. Furthermore, and for the first time, each cardiac murmur has been manually annotated by an expert annotator according to its timing, shape, pitch, grading, and quality. In addition, the auscultation locations where the murmur is present were identified as well as the auscultation location where the murmur is detected more intensively. Such detailed description for a relatively large number of heart sounds may pave the way for new machine learning algorithms with a real-world application for the detection and analysis of murmur waves for diagnostic purposes.', 'The cardiovascular physical examination is used commonly as a basis for diagnosis and therapy in chronic heart failure, although the relationship between physical signs, increased ventricular filling pressure, and decreased cardiac output has not been established for this population. We prospectively compared physical signs with hemodynamic measurements in 50 patients with known chronic heart failure (ejection fraction, .18 +/- .06). Rales, edema, and elevated mean jugular venous pressure were absent in 18 of 43 patients with pulmonary capillary wedge pressures greater than or equal to 22 mm Hg, for which the combination of these signs had 58% sensitivity and 100% specificity. Proportional pulse pressure correlated well with cardiac index (r = .82), and when less than 25% pulse pressure had 91% sensitivity and 83% specificity for a cardiac index less than 2.2 L/min/m2. In chronic heart failure, reliance on physical signs for elevated ventricular filling pressure might result in inadequate therapy. Conversely, the adequacy of cardiac output is assessed reliably by pulse pressure. Our results facilitate decisions regarding treatment in chronic heart failure.', 'In this study, coupled hemodynamic-acoustic simulations are employed to study the generation and propagation of murmurs associated with aortic stenoses where the aorta with a stenosed aortic valve is modeled as a curved pipe with a constriction near the inlet. The hemodynamics of the poststenotic flow is investigated in detail in our previous numerical study (Zhu et al., 2018, "Computational Modelling and Analysis of Haemodynamics in a Simple Model of Aortic Stenosis," J. Fluid Mech., 851, pp. 23-49). The temporal history of the pressure on the aortic lumen is recorded during the hemodynamic study and used as the murmur source in the acoustic simulations. The thorax is modeled as an elliptic cylinder and the thoracic tissue is assumed to be homogeneous, linear and viscoelastic. A previously developed high-order numerical method that is capable of dealing with immersed bodies is applied in the acoustic simulations. To mimic the clinical practice of auscultation, the sound signals from the epidermal surface are collected. The simulations show that the source of the aortic stenosis murmur is located at the proximal end of the aortic arch and that the sound intensity pattern on the epidermal surface can predict the source location of the murmurs reasonably well. Spectral analysis of the murmur reveals the disconnect between the break frequency obtained from the flow and from the murmur signal. Finally, it is also demonstrated that the source locations can also be predicted by solving an inverse problem using the free-space Green\'s function. The implications of these results for cardiac auscultation are discussed.', 'To evaluate the prevalence of congenital heart disease in boxers in Italy by auscultation and echocardiography. This randomized study involved 500 boxers. The inclusion criteria were that the animals should be asymptomatic, older than 1 year and with a pedigree. Dogs with a heart murmur underwent a complete echo-Doppler examination. The criteria for the diagnosis of aortic or pulmonic stenosis were: heart murmur on cardiac auscultation; direct imaging of the obstructive lesions; turbulent aortic or pulmonic flow with peak velocity of &gt;2 m/sec and &gt; 1.5 m/sec, respectively. 265 out of 500 dogs exhibited a heart murmur on cardiac auscultation. According to echo-Doppler examination, 89 (17.8%) dogs were affected with congenital heart disease. Subaortic stenosis and/or pulmonic stenosis accounted for all cases identified, although subaortic stenosis was more prevalent. Type I (63.75%) and Type II (21.25%) subaortic stenosis were the most common forms of the disease. Type A was the most prevalent type of pulmonic stenosis (74.2%). None of the dogs with a heart murmur of grade 1/6 or 2/6 complied with all the pre-selected criteria, and they were not considered to be affected with congenital heart disease. The prevalence of congenital heart disease in boxers in Italy appears to be very high (17.8%). In this study, subaortic stenosis and pulmonic stenosis accounted for all identified heart diseases. These findings support a the suspicion of these diseases when a heart murmur is found in a boxer, but only Doppler echocardiography can differentiate between subaortic stenosis and pulmonic stenosis.', 'Congestive heart failure (CHF) is the final clinical manifestation of a variety of cardiac (myopathies), coronary (atherosclerosis), and systemic diseases (diabetes, hypertension). Regardless of the origin of the cardiac insult, left ventricular dysfunction resulting in decreased cardiac output elicits a series of adaptational processes that attempt to compensate for some of the decrement in myocardial function. One of the key manifestations of these compensatory processes is cardiac hypertrophy, which is characterized by a marked increase in myocyte size and an increase in contractile proteins. The benefits resulting from these compensatory adaptational mechanisms, however, are only transient, and within a period of months to years, the changes induced in the myocardium fail to sustain cardiac output at a level that is sufficient to meet the demands of the body; subsequently, physical performance is impaired. Typically, progressive dilation and thinning of the left ventricle occur along with progression of CHF. The mechanisms responsible for the thinning of ventricular tissue and loss of left ventricular mass are poorly understood; traditionally, such loss has been attributed to tissue necrosis based on the morphologic observation of dead cardiac myocytes. Very recently, there have been data suggesting that apoptosis, a form of programmed cell death (PCD), occurs in the heart and may be responsible, at least in part, for the progression of CHF and the chronic loss of left ventricular function and mass. Evidence for a role of apoptosis/PCD in the progression of heart failure has been obtained from a variety of observations, including in vitro studies of cardiac myocytes in culture, experimental animal models of cardiac injury, and cardiac tissue obtained from patients with CHF. Thus, apoptosis/PCD may be a critical mechanism involved in the progressive loss of cardiac myocytes, which ultimately results in end-stage heart failure. In this brief review, the evidence for apoptosis/PCD in cardiac myocytes is presented and its potential role in the progression of CHF is analyzed. In particular, the genomic basis for apoptosis in cardiac myocytes is explored, and its relevance to the identification of novel targets for future pharmacological interventions is discussed. (Trends Cardiovasc Med 1997;7:249-255). © 1997, Elsevier Science Inc.']}
{'id': 154, 'question': 'A 42-year-old female patient reports pain with inflammatory features and swelling in both wrists, 2nd and 3rd metacarpophalangeal and proximal interphalangeal joints bilaterally and left ankle of 4 months of evolution accompanied by morning stiffness of more than one hour duration. Hand X-ray shows an erosion in the styloid process of the ulna in the right carpus. Laboratory tests showed Hb: 10 g/dL with ESR of 45 mm in the first hour, CRP 16 mg/L, rheumatoid factor 160 IU/ML. After 6 months of treatment with indomethacin and methotrexate, the patient persists with pain and swelling of both carpals, morning stiffness lasting 30 minutes and a CBC showing an ESR 30 mm in the first hour and a CRP 9 mg/dL. Regarding the attitude to take, which of the following is true:', 'options': {'1': 'Suspend the prescribed treatment due to lack of response and initiate prednisone at high doses for symptom control only.', '2': 'Maintain the therapeutic attitude taken since we have only been on it for 6 months and it would be necessary to wait a minimum of 9 months to evaluate therapeutic response.', '3': 'If there is no medical contraindication, consider adding an anti-TNF alpha to the treatment.', '4': 'Start a second disease-modifying drug as soon as possible, since it would not be possible to start treatment with biologic therapy alone after methotrexate.', '5': 'Consider starting treatment with anti-CD20 therapy associated with methotrexate.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['To evaluate the trends of C-reactive protein (CRP) and Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) in the first three weeks after uncomplicated total hip (THR) and total knee (TKR) arthroplasty/replacement in the Indian population and to compare it with available literature. A total of 90 patients were enrolled for this prospective study, of which 30 were unilateral THR, 30 were unilateral TKR (U/L TKR) and 30 were simultaneous bilateral TKR (B/L TKR). Serum CRP and ESR were measured on the day before surgery and post-operatively on day 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 7th, 12th, and at the end of 3rd week. CRP showed a peak at day 2nd with normalisation to pre-operative value by the end of 3rd week. While ESR showed a peak on day 3rd and continued to remain elevated even at end of 3rd week post-operatively. Both mean CRP and ESR values were higher in THR patients followed by in B/L TKR and then in U/L TKR patients. CRP persists to be the best acute phase reactant in the early post-operative phase with a relatively typical pattern as compared to ESR. CRP values peak at post-operative day 2nd and then show a gradual decline. However, its normalisation to pre-operative baseline values may vary among different groups of population.', 'The objective of this systematic review is to identify and synthesise the best available evidence to examine whether periodontal disease is a risk factor for rheumatoid arthritis. Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic inflammatory disease of unknown aetiology and has a complex multifactorial pathogenesis affecting joints and other tissues. The natural history of rheumatoid arthritis is poorly defined; its clinical course fluctuates and the prognosis unpredictable. Rheumatoid arthritis affects up to 1-3% of the population, with a 3:1 female preponderance disappearing in older age. There is also evidence of a genetic predisposition to the disease. Rheumatoid arthritis is characterised by progressive and irreversible damage of the synovial-lined joints causing loss of joint space, bone and function, leading to deformity. Extracellular matrix degradation is a hallmark of rheumatoid arthritis which is responsible for the typical destruction of cartilage, ligaments, tendons, and bone.Rheumatoid arthritis is characteristically a symmetric arthritis (symmetrical swelling of the joints). Articular and periarticular manifestations include joint swelling and tenderness to palpation, with morning stiffness and severe motion impairment in the involved joints. Extra-articular signs can involve pulmonary, cardiovascular, nervous, and reticuloendothelial systems. The clinical presentation of rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis varies, but an insidious onset of pain with symmetric swelling of the small joints is the most frequent finding. Rheumatoid arthritis onset is acute or subacute in about 25% of patients. Early rheumatoid arthritis is characterised by symmetric polyarthritis involving the small joints of the hands and feet with no radiologic changes. Rheumatoid arthritis most frequently affects the metacarpophalangeal, proximal interphalangeal and wrist joints. Although any joint, including the cricoarytenoid joint, can be affected, the distal interphalangeal, the sacroiliac and the lumbar spine joints are rarely involved, which is peculiar because these are some of the most typical targets of seronegative spondylarthropathies, such as psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. The clinical manifestations of rheumatoid arthritis vary, depending on the involved joints and the disease stage. The clinical features of synovitis are particularly apparent in the morning. Morning stiffness in and around the joints, lasting at least 1 hour before maximal improvement is a typical sign of rheumatoid arthritis. It is a subjective sign and the patient needs to be carefully informed as to the difference between pain and stiffness. Morning stiffness duration is related to disease activity. Progression of rheumatoid arthritis can be measured by laboratory tests and clinical evaluation (questionnaires of disease activity and physical examination). Laboratory tests include blood tests for Rheumatoid factor (RF) and Acute-phase reaction tests while clinical evaluation can be measured by the Disease activity using the Disease Activity Score (DAS). Periodontitis is a destructive inflammatory disease of the dental supporting tissues which leads to erosion of bone around teeth resulting in tooth loss. Severe periodontitis affects about 5-15% of the adult population. In periodontitis, the clinical findings of bone resorption and loss of clinical attachment level around tooth are a result of inflammatory mediated alterations to the bone remodelling balance. The inflammatory infiltrate present between the plaque biofilm, bone and connective tissues regulate the host immune response to the bacteria. The host produces proteases and substances that degrade the extracellular matrix, and lead to resorption of the alveolar bone, resulting in irreversible loss of tissue attachment.Bone is a dynamic tissue and bone homeostasis involves the opposing events of resorption and apposition; dissolution of the existing bone mineral, resorption of the extracellular matrix, and formation of a new matrix. Bone homeostasis mechanisms maintain bone integrity in the alveolar bone (regulates periodontal bone loss) and, elsewhere in the body. It also functions to regulate the calcium balance within the body; this is an important ion as it is involved in the clotting of blood, formation of glandular secretions and regulation of the cardiac pacemaker.Rheumatoid arthritis and periodontitis are arguably the most prevalent chronic inflammatory diseases in humans and associated with significant morbidities. rheumatoid arthritis and periodontitis share similar clinical and pathogenic characteristics. Both rheumatoid arthritis and periodontitis present an imbalance between pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines, which is thought to be responsible for the tissue damage. In this sense, both conditions are associated with destruction of bone, mediated by inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1, tumour necrosis factor and prostaglandin E2.Several studies have suggested a relationship between periodontitis and rheumatoid arthritis; rheumatoid arthritis may have a negative impact on periodontal condition and vice versa. Mercado et al. in 2001 reported a significantly high prevalence of moderate to severe periodontitis in individuals with rheumatoid arthritis. In addition, the converse is true: periodontitis patients have a higher prevalence of rheumatoid arthritis compared to the general population. One study found that induction of experimental arthritis in rats resulted in periodontal destruction and increased cytokines and matrix metalloproteinases in the periodontal tissues.Oral bacterial DNA (deoxyribonucleic acids) is detected in serum and synovial fluid of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Patients with rheumatoid arthritis also have a significantly higher level of immunoglobulin G antibody against P. gingivalis, Prevotella intermedia, and Tannerella forsythia. Furthermore, two recent clinical trials suggested that the treatment of periodontal disease might have a significant impact on rheumatoid arthritis severity. Similarly, subjects with rheumatoid arthritis have significantly increased periodontal attachment loss.In a recent research article, Ogrendik et al. in 2009 concluded that antibodies formed against these oral bacteria could be important to the aetiopathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis. They recommended that gingival tissue infections should be considered in rheumatoid arthritis pathogenesis and that periodontal infections should be treated and prevented from becoming chronic. If successful results are observed against periodontal infections in clinical, radiologic, and laboratory data of the rheumatoid arthritis patients, the essential role of these bacteria in the aetiology of rheumatoid arthritis can be proven. One hypothesis that links rheumatoid arthritis and periodontitis is the recently published "two-hit" model that attempts to link experimental evidence from animal models and is supported by evidence from human clinical studies. In this theory, the first "hit" involves the periodontopathic subgingival biofilm and its microbial products, such as endotoxin. The second "hit" involves a medical systemic disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis, which increases biomarkers of systemic inflammation in the circulation, including C reactive protein (CRP), cytokines (e.g. IL-6), prostanoids (e.g. PGE2), and matrix metalloproteinases (e.g. MMP-9), and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF- α). These cytokines are thought to stimulate resident cells in the synovium and the periodontium to produce MMPs mediating connective tissue destruction, and induce the differentiation and activity of osteoclasts to destroy bone In particular, TNF-α, also promotes bone resorption: (i) by up-regulating inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and the production of nitric oxide (NO); and (ii) by modulating the receptor activator of nuclear factor _B (NF_B) ligand (RANKL) in osteoblasts, and its antagonist osteoprotegerin (OPG), thus altering the RANKL/OPG ratio, which enhances osteoclast activity, and finally, lead to periodontal breakdown. Most recently Bartold et al, reported a series of experiments to examine the plausibility of the "two hit" theory investigated whether the onset and severity of experimental arthritis in a rodent model was influenced by the presence of a pre-existing extra-synovial chronic inflammatory reaction to P. gingivalis. They discovered that severe arthritis developed more rapidly in animals with a pre-existing P. gingivalis induced inflammatory lesion, thus providing further evidence for a relationship between the presence of periodontal pathogen-associated inflammation and the development of rheumatoid arthritis. Aggressive periodontitis is rapid progression of periodontal disease with severe periodontal breakdown. The amount and pattern of periodontal destruction is very aggressive indicating there may be other characteristics in addition that contribute to its rate of destruction, and hence is outside of the scope of this review.Before undertaking this review, the JBI Library of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Library of Systematic Reviews, Medline and CINAHL were searched. As no systematic review has been identified as been either published or underway on this topic, the aim of this systematic review is to identify and synthesise the best available evidence of periodontal disease as a risk factor for rheumatoid arthritis.', 'In a prospective study the diagnostic relevance of C-reactive protein (CRP) as a screening parameter for inflammatory diseases was compared to the erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR). At time of hospitalization CRP, ESR and other routine laboratory tests were performed. After taking history and clinical examination, the responsible physician had to answer a first questionnaire and a second at the time of patient discharge. At the time of admission, elevation of CRP was expected by the treating physician in 40.3% of patients, and elevation of ESR in 43.2%. An unexpected elevation of CRP or ESR was found in 38/303 cases (12.5%). In 22/38 patients only CRP was elevated, but ESR only was elevated in 13/38 cases. In summary, measurement of CRP and/or ESR was felt by the treating physician to have been helpful in 25.1% of all patients. Due to the fast rise of CRP, all patients with bacterial pneumonia showed increased CRP at the time of hospitalization (23/23), but the ESR was still in normal range in some of these patients (normal ESR in 5/23). Also in patients with COPD or asthma and clinical evidence for infection, or patients with bacterial gastroenteritis, CRP turned out to be the more sensitive parameter. In conclusion, CRP is a valuable screening test in acutely ill patients, has a higher sensitivity and (as shown by other authors) higher specificity than ESR. In addition, the short half-life of CRP makes it a useful parameter for the follow-up of patients with e.g. infections under antibiotic treatment.', "The practice guideline for general practitioners (GPs) on polymyalgia rheumatica and temporal arteritis was published in February 2010 by the Dutch College of General Practitioners. This guideline provides GPs with recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of polymyalgia rheumatica. After other disorders have been excluded, the diagnosis of 'polymyalgia rheumatica' is made in patients over the age of 50 who have bilateral pain in the neck and shoulder girdle and/or hip girdle that has lasted for longer than 4 weeks, morning stiffness that lasts longer than 60 minutes and an ESR &gt; 40 mm in the first hour. After the diagnosis is made treatment with prednisone or prednisolone 15 mg per day is started. This dosage is diminished very gradually according to a uniform treatment schedule during a period of 3 months, thereafter depending on the clinical course. The practice guideline pays attention to the diagnosis and management of temporal arteritis only when it occurs concurrently with polymyalgia rheumatica.", 'Polyarticular arthritis is commonly encountered in clinical settings and has multiple etiologies. The first step is to distinguish between true articular pain and nonarticular or periarticular conditions by recognizing clinical patterns through the history and physical examination. Once pain within a joint or joints is confirmed, the next step is to classify the pain as noninflammatory or inflammatory in origin. Noninflammatory arthritis, which is mostly related to osteoarthritis, has a variable onset and severity and does not have inflammatory features, such as warm or swollen joints. Osteoarthritis usually presents with less than one hour of morning stiffness and pain that is aggravated by activity and improves with rest. A review of systems is usually negative for rashes, oral ulcers, or other internal organ involvement. In contrast, inflammatory arthritis generally causes warm, swollen joints; prolonged morning stiffness; and positive findings on a review of systems. Once inflammatory arthritis is suspected, possible diagnoses are sorted by the pattern of joint involvement, which includes number and type of joints involved, symmetry, and onset. The suspicion for inflammatory arthritis should be confirmed by the appropriate serologic/tissue and/or imaging studies in the clinical setting or in consultation with a subspecialist. ']}
{'id': 176, 'question': 'A 56-year-old woman with a history of well-controlled schizophrenia and no toxic habits. Admitted for middle lobe pneumonia with a small associated metaneumonic pleural effusion and on treatment with levofloxacin 500 mg/24h . She presented good clinical evolution except for persistent febrile fever and leukocytosis on the sixth day of treatment. Microbiological studies are not available. The most appropriate course of action is:', 'options': {'1': 'The evolution is normal, treatment should be maintained until completing 10 days.', '2': 'It is considered a therapeutic failure and antibiotic treatment should be modified.', '3': 'Perform thoracentesis to rule out empyema.', '4': 'Add corticosteroids at a dose of 0.5 mg/Kg/day to antibiotic treatment.', '5': 'Bronchoscopy with biopsy, aspiration and bronchoalveolar lavage.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Chronic eosinophilic pneumonia is a rare idiopathic interstitial lung disease. The nearly pathognomonic radiographic finding is the peripheral distribution of alveolar opacities. Pleural effusions are rarely seen. We report a case of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia with transudative eosinophilic pleural effusion. A 57-year-old Hispanic woman, a nonsmoker with a history of controlled asthma, presented to the hospital with unresolving pneumonia despite three rounds of antibiotics over a 2-month period. She was later diagnosed with chronic eosinophilic pneumonia based on the presence of peripheral blood eosinophilia, the peripheral distribution of alveolar infiltrates on chest radiograph, and a lung parenchymal biopsy with infiltrates of eosinophils. Upon presentation, our patient had a right-sided moderate-sized pleural effusion. The pleural fluid profile was consistent with a transudative effusion with eosinophil predominance. Our patient responded promptly to oral corticosteroid treatment in a few days. The pulmonary infiltrates and pleural effusion subsided on a 1-month follow-up chest radiograph after starting corticosteroid treatment. We report the first case of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia presenting with pneumonia with ipsilateral transudative eosinophilic pleural effusion. Like other cases of chronic eosinophilic pneumonia, early recognition and diagnosis is essential and prompt treatment with corticosteroids is the mainstay of therapy. Pleural effusion resolved without the further need for therapeutic thoracentesis.', 'The aim of this study was to discuss a case of malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) that presented to a chiropractic teaching clinic and review the pathophysiology of diseases associated with asbestos exposure. An 86-year-old woman had right-sided back pain at the thoracolumbar junction for 3 months; this pain prevented her from exercising on a daily basis. She was alert and oriented but in obvious distress because of her back pain. Breath sounds were decreased on the right in the posterior and lower lobes, with dull percussion and increased tactile fremitus. A significant collection of pleural effusion was seen on the right side on plain film radiographs. A chest computed tomography with contrast showed a large right-sided pleural effusion with small consolidation at the right lung base suggestive of pleural or pulmonary malignancy and highly suspicious for MPM. Further questioning about asbestos exposure revealed that her husband was a maintenance worker. An extrapleural pneumonectomy was performed, and specimens of parietal and visceral pleura were sent for pathological, which revealed a definitive diagnosis of spindle cell mesothelioma. The patient was diagnosed with MPM, and a surgical therapy option was considered because of the aggressive nature of the lesion and her advanced age. An extrapleural pneumonectomy was performed with removal of parietal and visceral pleura, right lower lobe, and right hemidiaphragm. This is an unusual case of advanced MPM that is most likely from indirect asbestos exposure.', 'Community-acquired pneumonia is a leading cause of death from infectious diseases globally. Parapneumonic effusion is one of the most common complications of community-acquired pneumonia. As the infection progresses within the pleural space, loculation and empyema may develop. In rare cases, the parapneumonic effusions can progress significantly within 24 hours, which has been described as explosive pleuritis and may confer additional morbidity. Group A <iStreptococcus</i is the leading causative microorganism, which in itself has higher rates of parapneumonic effusions. We describe the case of a 30-year-old-female with a past medical history of asthma who presented to the emergency department with a sore throat, cough, and runny nose and was discharged on the same day after treatment of asthma exacerbation with upper respiratory tract infection. She re-presented within 24 hours with shortness of breath and right-sided pleuritic chest pain. Chest x-ray showed a new, large right-sided pleural effusion for which pleural fluid culture\xa0grew group A <iStreptococcus</i. She ultimately had prolonged hospitalization, requiring chest tube placement, and video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS). VATS was unsuccessful and she was treated with long-term antibiotics. This case demonstrates the dramatic evolution of explosive pleuritis and highlights the typical challenges encountered in these cases.', 'A 46-year-old woman with a history of end-stage renal disease on chronic haemodialysis presented with 1 week of fever, chills, altered mental status and hand pain. She was febrile and ill-appearing on presentation with a pulse rate of 102 beats per minute. She had a tunnelled dialysis catheter in her right neck. Hand examination demonstrated a swollen, erythematous and tender wrist. Cardiovascular examination demonstrated no murmurs. CT of the hand showed abscesses involving the left forearm. Blood and abscess cultures grew methicillin-resistant <iStaphylococcus aureus</i (MRSA). Transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) showed a 1.0×1.0 cm mobile vegetation involving the eustachian valve (EV), confirming EV endocarditis. She remained bacteraemic for 18 days despite being on vancomycin with appropriate blood levels. Vancomycin was switched to daptomycin and <iceftaroline,</i which cleared her cultures. Repeat TEE showed improved vegetation size. Our case highlights the rarity and management of EV endocarditis and the importance of synergy for treatment of persistent MRSA bacteraemia.', 'A 72-year-old woman underwent a mastectomy with one-stage breast reconstruction using silicone implant for right breast cancer. Postoperatively, she had received adjuvant chemotherapy with fluorouracil, epirubicin, and cyclophosphamide (FEC regimen). She was admitted for febrile neutropenia after the third course of chemotherapy. She remained febrile for a week, and she complained of dyspnea on hospital day 8. Computed tomography scan demonstrated widespread patchy ground glass changes in both lungs and serum (1→3)-β-D-glucan was elevated to 20\u2009pg/mL. Oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole was started on the strong clinical suspicion of PCP, and the patient subsequently made a rapid recovery from fever and dyspnea.']}
{'id': 130, 'question': 'An 18-year-old female patient with a history of absences between 6 and 9 years of age, generalized tonic-clonic seizures of recent onset and violent jumping of the upper limbs at breakfast. The clinical manifestations worsen with nighttime weekend outings. An EEG shows acute polyp spike discharges at 6 cycles/second. The most likely diagnosis is:', 'options': {'1': 'Great epileptic disease.', '2': 'Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.', '3': 'Symptomatic epilepsy due to mesial temporal sclerosis.', '4': 'Small atypical disease.', '5': 'Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['The aim of this study is to reveal detailed clinical manifestations and an evolution of ictal EEG discharges of convulsions with mild gastroenteritis (CwG). We recorded ictal EEGs of six patients with CwG. Clinical manifestations included loss of responsiveness, motion arrest, cyanosis, lateral eye deviation, and hemifacial convulsion. Automatism was not observed in any patients. A generalized tonic-clonic convulsion was observed in five of six patients. Ictal EEGs demonstrated that all seizures were of focal onset that evolved into a secondarily generalized seizure. The region of the onset of ictal discharge was the occipital area in three patients, parietal in one, central in one, and frontal in one, respectively. The seizure of patients with CwG is likely to be a partial seizure with secondary generalization.', 'We analyzed sequential changes in the localization of EEG foci along with age to identify a specific EEG pattern, and the relation between the clinical manifestations and the EEG pattern in patients with Panayiotopoulos syndrome (PS). The subjects were 76 children, who had been followed up &gt;2 years with repeated EEG examinations at 6-month intervals. Analysis of EEG findings included the determination of localization of spike foci, as a function of age, by using cross-sectional data, and the identification of subgroups with homogeneous EEG patterns. Then we compared certain clinical features among these subgroups. In the cross-sectional EEG study, the occipital EEG spike focus was most frequently seen between ages 2 and 5 years. Independent and synchronous frontopolar and occipital spikes (Fp-O spikes) and centroparietotemporal (CPT) EEG spike foci had increased incidences between ages 4 and 7 years, and between ages 6 and 10 years, respectively. We subclassified the 76 patients into the following five subgroups based on the evolutional changes in epileptic EEG foci, which frequently showed shifting, multiplications, and generalization: (a) persistent occipital focus group (O group), (b) Fp-O spikes group (Fp-O pattern group), (c) generalized EEG pattern group, (d) CPT foci group (CPT group), and (e) no epileptic EEG focus group. The Fp-O group showed the latest age at onset of epilepsy. The generalized EEG pattern group had the highest frequency of seizures as well as recurrences of status epilepticus (SE), as well as the longest active seizure period among the five groups. These results indicated that the EEG foci in most of patients with PS are frequently shifting location, multiplying, and propagating diffusely with age, rather than persistently localizing in the occipital region. In addition, the EEG patterns showed a certain trend and roughly corresponded to certain clinical characteristics. However, the prognosis of the seizures appeared to be favorable regardless of the EEG pattern.', 'The clinical and EEG data of a 49-year-old man with myoclonic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures resulting from early childhood encephalitis are described. He experienced no tonic-clonic seizure for 10 years before brief exposure first to 60 mg/day duloxetine and then to 20mg/day paroxetine for depressive symptoms. These drugs were separately prescribed at a 9-month interval, and after beginning each drug, the patient experienced tonic-clonic seizures of worsening intensity and myoclonus of increasing frequency. Clinical features correlated with subcontinuous, generalized spike-wave discharges on the EEG. Discontinuation of antidepressant treatment resulted in rapid disappearance of clinical and electrophysiological manifestations of myoclonic status. We suggest care must be taken when using serotonin-noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), as these drugs pose the risk of complications in the specific population of people with myoclonic seizures.', 'We used subdural electrodes to study the EEG features of simple partial seizures in 7 patients. We detected epileptiform discharges in 61 of 68 subdurally recorded simple partial seizures compared with 6 of 55 simple partial seizures recorded with scalp electrodes (p less than 0.0001). The onset of 36 nonmotor simple partial seizures was detected only by the medial and basal temporal subdural electrodes, and the onset of 25 simple partial seizures with motor manifestations was recorded by subdural electrodes only from the lateral cortex of the posterior frontal lobe. There was a close correspondence between the area first involved in the epileptiform discharge during simple partial seizures and the area first involved during complex partial and secondary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Subdural electrodes may be effective in localizing the onset and spread of simple partial seizures, including those that arise from the medial temporal lobe.', 'Benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy is a rare idiopathic generalized epileptic syndrome occurring below the age of 3 years. Although benign outcome is presumed, some recent studies suggest less favorable outcome. A 14-year-old boy had a history of repeated episodes of myoclonic jerks of the shoulders and upper limbs in infancy (age 5 months). An ictal electroencephalogram indicated generalized spike-wave discharges associated with the myoclonic seizures, and the diagnosis of benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy was made. Valproate treatment resulted in control of the myoclonic seizures, and the drug was withdrawn when the patient was 5 years of age. At the age of 10, he presented with episodes of eyelid jerks associated with brief lapses in concentration triggered by sunlight. Electroencephalography revealed photosensitivity and a pattern of eye-closure sensitivity. These features were compatible with the diagnosis of eyelid myoclonia with absences, or Jeavons syndrome. Lamotrigine eliminated the seizures. The evolution of benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy to eyelid myoclonia with absences has been reported in one other case. A possible continuum of myoclonic epileptic syndromes, mediated by a common genetic abnormality, suggests the need for longer monitoring of patients with benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy.']}
{'id': 276, 'question': 'Indicate the clinical situation in relation to hepatitis B virus infection in a 5-year-old patient from Nigeria, with normal physical examination and the following serology for hepatitis B: HBsAg + / ANTI-HBs - / HbeAg - / ANTI-HBe + / ANTI-HBc IgM - / ANTI-HBc IgG + / DNA HBV +:', 'options': {'1': 'Acute infection.', '2': 'Chronic infection.', '3': 'Vaccinated patient.', '4': 'Asymptomatic carrier.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['In order to assess the role of dopamine (DA) D2 and D3 receptors in the modulation of behaviour, we analysed exploration in a spatial novelty in mouse model systems. Genetically engineered mice mutants have been used that carry normal, partial or no expression of D2R, D3R, or both D2R/D3R (double mutants) DA receptor subtypes. Adult male mice were exposed for 30 min to a Làte-maze. The behaviour was analysed for indices of activity, orienting (rearing frequency), scanning times (rearing duration) and defecation score (emotionality). D2R - / - and + / - as well as the D2R/D3R double homozygous mutants were less active than wild-type (WT) controls in travelled distance. In contrast D3R + / - were more active than WT mice in the first part of the test. As to orienting frequency, the D2R - / - were less active than WT during the entire test-period, whereas the D2 + / - mutants were less active than WT only in the second part of the test. Moreover, the D3R - / - and + / - mutants showed less and more rearing frequency than WT, respectively, during the entire test. Finally, the D2/D3R - / - double mutants were also less active than WT during the entire test period. As to scanning times, D2R + / - and - / - mutants were higher than WT during the entire test or only in the second part, respectively. The D3R + / - and - / - were not different from WT, whereas the D2/D3R - / - double mutants showed shorter scanning times only in the first part of the test. As to emotionality index, the defecation score, was lower only in D3R + / - mutants. Thus, the dopamine D2 and D3 receptor subtypes appear to be differentially involved in the modulation of activity, orienting and scanning phases of attention. Lastly double mutation experiments reveal an interaction between D2R and D3R with the former prevailing on the latter.', 'The aim: Was increase the effectiveness of treatment in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) comorbid with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) by using ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in combination with ademethionine. Materials and methods: Under observation was 98 patients with a diagnosis of NAFLD and COPD group II or their combination. Patients were divided into 3 groups: 1 (n = 36) - COPD + NASH - in addition to standard COPD therapy received UDCA 15 mg / kg / day - 6 months and ademethionine 1000 mg IV once a day for 10 days, followed by oral administration of 500 mg 2 times per day - 20 days, and group 2 (n = 32) - COPD + hepatic steatosis - in addition to standard therapy - UDCA 15 mg / kg / day - 6 months. Group 3 (n = 30) - COPD received standard therapy for COPD. Results: UDCA with ademethionine on the background of standard COPD therapy reduces the clinical manifestations of NAFLD and normalizes liver function. The combination of UDCA with ademethionine not only has a positive effect on the course of NAFLD, but also reduces the intensity of dyspnea, systemic inflammation, improves the external respiration function and reduces anxiety and depression. Patients receiving UDCA + ademethionine for 6 months of follow-up had no exacerbations of COPD. Conclusions: UDCA in combination with ademethionine in COPD courses have a positive effect on the course of NAFLD, and also reduces the intensity of dyspnea, improves the external respiratory function and reduces the frequency of COPD hospitalization.', 'In some cases, there is a dissociation between the severity of complaints, physical examination data, and levels of contamination of the biomaterial in the differential diagnosis of various categories of prostatitis (NIH-NIDDK, 1995). Patients note the presence of pronounced symptoms when verifying the threshold indicators of microbial load (104-105 CFU / ml) of prostate secretion or post-massage urine in a few observations. However, clinical manifestations and deviations in objective indicators are not so significant in some patients with higher titers of contamination. To evaluate the relationship between the microbial load indices and the degree of pathomorphological changes in the prostate tissue during infection with the "reference" uropathogen E. coli in various titers under experimental conditions MATERIALS AND METHODS: Animal model was carried out using the FELASA protocols. Experimental individuals: 16 "New Zealand" rabbits, weight: 3580 [3480; 3695] (3300-4410), age: 25 [24; 26] (23-28) weeks. Uropathogen used: E. coli. Titers: 103 CFU / ml, 105 CFU / ml, 107 CFU / ml. Infection pathway: inoculation of the uropathogen was performed through urethra according to the modified technique of J.C. Nickel. Randomization: all lab animals were evenly divided into 4 groups of 4 animals, taking into account the initial titer of the uropathogen and the observation period - experimental groups 1 (103 CFU / ml), 2 (105 CFU / ml), 3 (107 CFU / ml); group 4 was control (Sol.NaCl 0.9%). Observation terms: 1, 3, 7 and 14 days, after which the animals were euthanized and dissected. 4 biopsies (1A-1D) for bacteriological (MacConkey agar - "HiMedia", India) and 2 biopsies (P1-P2) for morphological (Hematoxylin-eosin - "BlikMediklProduction", Russia; magn. 10x, 40x, 100x, 400x) studies were formed from various parts of the prostatic complex (prostate + proprostate + paraprostate). A three-point grading system was used for morphometric assessment of destructive changes in the prostate tissue in different groups. Analytical processing of the results was carried out using the software packages Microsoft 365 ("Microsoft", USA) and Statistica 10.2 ("StatSoft Inc.", USA) by methods of descriptive and nonparametric statistics. The maximum total absolute / median values of the seeding of biopsy specimens of the prostatic complex were revealed ( titer, 1A-1D) in group 1 and amounted to 76 lg CFU / ml / 5.00 [4.00; 5.25] lgCFU / ml, in group 2 defined as intermediate - 57 lgCFU / ml / 3.50 [3.00; 4.00] lgCFU / ml, and in group 3 were minimal - 48 lgCFU / ml / 3.00 [3.00; 3.25] lg CFU / ml according to the indicators of bacteriological research in the period from 1 to 14 days. Nevertheless, it was found that the cumulative maximum degree of histological changes in the prostate was recorded in group 2 ( p. - 84), in group 1 it was defined as intermediate ( p. - 68), and in group 3, it was the smallest ( p. - 64) according to the data of pathomorphological studies. When comparing daily changes in the seeding values and nominal indicators of inflammatory lesions in the prostate tissue, only in group 1, the trend graphs had a synchronous trend - an increase in microbial load led to the formation of more severe pathomorphological transformations on the day 7; in group 2, destructive changes were significant, and the rates of contamination, on the contrary, were minimal on the day 7; in group 3 a pronounced pathomorphological transformations in the tissues were noted on the day 3 and 7, but the microbial load of the tissues gradually decreased from the day 1. Also, differences in the increase in the "reactivity" of changes in the affected tissues were determined: in groups 1 and 3, a torpid reaction was revealed, accompanied by the development of moderate inflammatory changes on the day 1 and an "abrupt" increase in the intensity of destruction by the day 3; in group 2, in turn, a rapid reaction was determined, that characterized by the formation of a more pronounced destructive process already from the day 1. It was found that the parameters of contamination do not fully reflect the nature and severity of pathological changes in the prostate. Low titers of the uropathogen induce the development of an inflammatory process comparable in the severity of changes with that at higher concentrations. On the contrary, inoculation of obligate pathogenic titers does not always lead to a pronounced increase in microbial load but causes significant inflammatory changes in the prostate.', 'Chronic colitis-harboring TCRalpha(- / - ) x AIM(- / - ) mice showed PBC-like bile duct damage in the liver. Bacterial infection is one of the candidates for the pathogenesis of PBC. We demonstrated that the bacterial cell wall component lipotheicoic acid (LTA) was detected at sites of inflammation around damaged bile ducts in PBC patients. The aim of this study was to investigate the pathophysiology of the liver and other organs in TCRalpha(- / - ) x AIM(- / - ) mice. Thirteen female TCRalpha(- / - ) x AIM(- / - ) mice were sacrificed at 24 weeks of age. The liver, stomach, small intestine, colon, pancreas, kidney and spleen were studied for pathological examination. Using anti-LTA antibody as the primary antibody, an immunohistochemical study was carried out. In the liver, LTA was mainly detected in the portal area with inflammation, and some of the cytoplasm of hepatocytes. Inflammations were also observed in the stomach, intestine, pancreas and kidney. Throughout the gastrointestinal tract, from the stomach to the colon, LTA was detected in the epithelium at sites of inflammation. Furthermore, LTA was detected around both pancreatic ducts with inflammation and distal renal tubules with inflammation. The development of inflammations in the liver as well as extensive organs, strongly suggests a close relationship between bile duct damage and systemic multifocal epithelial inflammations, perhaps involving bacterial LTA, in TCRalpha(- / - ) x AIM(- / - ) mice.', 'Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection has been acknowledged as a promoter and an initiator for gastric carcinogenesis in experimental models using Mongolian gerbils with H. pylori strains TN2GF4 and ATCC 43504, which have + ve cagA and vacA phenotype s1 / m1. To get more insight into the role of H. pylori in gastric carcinogenesis, we studied the effect of H. pylori SS1, which has + ve cagA and vacA phenotype s2 / m2, on N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (MNU)-induced chemical gastric carcinogenesis using SPF C57BL / 6 mice. Thus, H. pylori SS1 was inoculated 1 week after the completion of MNU treatment to examine the promoting effect of this bacterium. The incidences of polypoid lesions, differentiated adenocarcinomas, and adenomatous hyperplasias were 67% (10 / 15), 47% (7 / 15) and 80% (12 / 15), respectively, in the MNU-alone group. The corresponding figures were 31% (8 / 26), 23% (6 / 26) and 35% (9 / 26) in the MNU + H. pylori group. The incidences of polypoid lesions and adenomatous hyperplasia were significantly different between the groups. Thus, the results indicate that H. pylori SS1 infection reduced susceptibility to chemical gastric carcinogenesis in this model. The discrepancy between the present result and previous results is likely to have been caused by differences in host factors and bacterial factors. Further study of the relationship between gastric carcinogenesis and H. pylori infection is needed.']}
{'id': 183, 'question': 'A patient on enteral nutritional support presents 72 hours after starting enteral nutrition with a CBC showing hypophosphoremia and hypokalemia, with clinical signs of heart failure. The patient is diagnosed with refeeding syndrome. Indicate which of the following is NOT considered a risk factor for a patient presenting with this condition:', 'options': {'1': 'Previous caloric malnutrition.', '2': 'Anorexia nervosa.', '3': 'Non-morbid obesity.', '4': 'Elderly.', '5': 'Prolonged vomiting and diarrhea.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Nutrition support therapy is the delivery of formulated enteral or parenteral nutrients to restore nutritional status. Family physicians can provide nutrition support therapy to patients at risk of malnutrition when it would improve quality of life. The evidence for when to use nutrition support therapy is inconsistent and based mostly on low-quality studies. Family physicians should work with registered dietitian nutritionists to complete a comprehensive nutritional assessment for patients with acute or chronic conditions that put them at risk of malnutrition. When nutrition support therapy is required, enteral nutrition is preferred for a patient with a functioning gastrointestinal tract, even in patients who are critically ill. Parenteral nutrition has an increased risk of complications and should be administered only when enteral nutrition is contraindicated. Family physicians can use the Mifflin-St Jeor equation to calculate the resting metabolic rate, and they should consult with a registered dietitian nutritionist to determine total energy needs and select a nutritional formula. Patients receiving nutrition support therapy should be monitored for complications, including refeeding syndrome. Nutrition support therapy does not improve quality of life in patients with dementia. Clinicians should engage in shared decision-making with patients and caregivers about nutrition support in palliative and end-of-life care.', 'Enteral nutrition has demonstrated to be a useful and safe method to nourish critically ill patients admitted to the Intensive Care Unit. Although the time a severely ill patient can stand without nutrition is unknown, accelerated catabolism and fasting may be deleterious in those patients, and the more common recommendation is to start on artificial nutrition when a fasting period longer than seven days is foreseen. At an experimental level, advantages of enteral nutrition over parenteral nutrition are evident since the use of nutritional substrates via the gastrointestinal tract improves the local and systemic immune response and maintains the barrier functions of the gut. Clinical studies have demonstrated that early enteral nutrition administered within the first 48 hours of admission decreases the incidence of nosocomial infections in these patients, but not the mortality, with the exception of special groups of patients, particularly surgical ones. The major inconvenience of enteral nutrition is its digestive intolerance and the transpyloric approach, necessary when there is gastroparesia. Its efficacy is also questioned when the patient has tissue ischemia. For early enteral nutrition to be effective, a treatment strategy must be implemented that includes from simple measures, such as uprising the bed headrest, to more sophisticated ones, such as the transpyloric approach or the use of nutrients with immunomodulatory capabilities. To date, the use of early enteral nutrition is the best method for nutritional support in this kind of patients provided that it is individualized according to each patient clinical status and that is done following an adequate therapeutic strategy.', 'The short bowel syndrome (SBS) is due to loss of bowel after surgery. Characterized by generalized nutrients malabsorption, its signs and symptoms include electrolyte imbalance, deficiency of vitamins, minerals and nutrients that can lead to death. Parenteral and enteral nutrition have a key role in its treatment. To describe the clinical course of a patient with SBS during continuous use of enteral nutrition supplemented with symbiotic. A seven-year-old male underwent an emergency laparotomy at 18 months old with a massive bowel resection, remaining about 20 cm of the small intestine and the entire colon. He was dependent of exclusive parenteral nutrition for over a year, leading to the occurrence of numerous infectious complications. Due to complications caused by prolonged use of central venous access, was unable to continue to receive the parenteral nutrition. Enteral nutrition by a nasogastric tube and supplemental symbiotic was the nutritional therapy option for him. The assessment of the volume of losses by the colostomy was measured daily. There was a significant reduction of losses by colostomy, especially in the first days after introduction of the enteral nutrition plus symbiotic supplementation, as well as significant decrease in gas production. Despite the lack of evidence for a formal recommendation on the use of symbiotic for SBS patients, its use in the nutritional therapy of this patient resulted in reduced electrolyte loss electrolyte and consequent improvement of his clinical and nutritional condition.', 'This chapter discusses a number of key issues: the importance of nutritional support, both enteral (oral nutritional supplements, enteral tube feeding) and parenteral nutrition in the treatment of the nutritionally compromised patient with gastrointestinal and liver disease; prescribing and monitoring nutritional support; refeeding syndrome; practicalities, indications and contraindications and complications of using enteral and parenteral nutrition; choosing feeds with an optimal nutrient composition for nutritional support, including specific feeds for disease states; the evidence base for using nutritional support in the patient with gastrointestinal and liver disease.', 'This special commentary addresses recent clinical reviews regarding appropriate nutrition and metabolic support in the critical care setting. There are divergent approaches between North America and Europe for the use of early nutrition support and combined enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition support possibly due to the commercial availability of specific parenteral nutrients. The advent of intensive insulin therapy has changed the landscape of metabolic support in the intensive care unit, and previous notions about infective risk of parenteral nutrition will need to be re-addressed. Patients with brain failure may benefit from an intensive insulin therapy with a blood glucose target that is higher than that used in patients without brain failure. Patients with heart failure may benefit from the addition of nutritional pharmacology that targets proximate oxidative pathophysiological pathways. Intradialytic parenteral nutrition may be viewed as another form of supplemental parenteral nutrition when enteral nutrition is insufficient in patients on hemodialysis in the intensive care unit. It is proposed that intensive metabolic support be routinely implemented in the intensive care unit based on the following steps: intensive insulin therapy with an appropriate blood glucose target, nutrition risk assessment, early and if needed combined enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition to target 20-25 kcal/kg/day and 1.2-1.5 g protein/kg/day, and nutritional and metabolic monitoring.']}
{'id': 115, 'question': 'A 32-year-old woman with cerebral palsy from childbirth comes to the emergency department for a few days of dark urine associated with an episode of high fever and dry cough. On admission, the CBC showed 16900 leukocytes/mm3 (85% S, 11% L, 4% M), hemoglobin 6.3 g/dL; MCV 109 fl, 360000 platelets/mm3. In the biochemistry LDH 2408; bilirubin 6.8 mg/dl, (unconjugated bilirubin 6.1 mg/dl), normal GOT and GPT. The morphological study of blood showed macrocytic anisocytosis with frequent spherocytic forms and polychromatophilia without blasts. The irregular antibody study is positive for panagglutinin, making crossmatching difficult. What would be your suspicion and the most appropriate treatment?', 'options': {'1': 'Medullary aplasia and immunotherapy with thymoglobulin and cyclosporine.', '2': 'Hereditary spherocytosis and splenectomy.', '3': 'Autoimmune hemolytic anemia associated with respiratory infection and corticosteroids.', '4': 'Pernicious anemia and periodic injections of vitamin B12.', '5': 'Acute leukemia and chemotherapy.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["A 16-year-old girl was admitted for a detailed examination of hemolytic anemia in November 1995. Initial laboratory findings included a total bilirubin concentration of 1.46 mg/dl, hemoglobin of 9.1 g/dl, and a reticulocyte count of 89/1000 percent. The plasma haptoglobin concentration was below 10 mg/dl. A blood smear showed many dacryocytes and a few echinocytes and codocytes. GOT was 71 IU/l; GPT, 44 IU/l; and LDH, 812 IU/l; the results of a hepaplastin test were 45% of normal. On further investigation, the level of serum ceruloplasmin was found to be 4 mg/dl, and of serum copper, 43 micrograms/dl. Urinary copper excretion was markedly increased, at 345 micrograms per day. Slit-lamp examination of both corneas revealed obvious Kayser-Fleischer rings. A liver biopsy sample showed fibrosis histologically and an elevated copper concentration of 535 micrograms/g dry weight and 183 micrograms/g wet weight. In family studies, the patient's asymptomatic 5-year-old sister was observed to have metabolic abnormalities consistent with Wilson's disease. These findings suggested that the patient's hemolytic anemia with red cell deformities was due to abnormal copper metabolism associated with Wilson's disease.", 'In the management of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, total bilirubin (TB) concentration is not specific enough to predict the brain damage caused by bilirubin toxicity. Unbound bilirubin (UB) easily passes the blood-brain barrier and causes neurotoxicity. We aimed to evaluate whether serum UB concentration would be a useful predictor of bilirubin encephalopathy in high-risk infants. We measured the serum TB and UB concentrations of 388 newborn infants treated with phototherapy or exchange transfusion for their hyperbilirubinemia at Takatsuki General Hospital between January 2002 and October 2003. Peak serum TB and UB levels and UB/TB ratios were studied on each birthweight group: below 1500 g (very low birthweight), 1500 g-2499 g (low birthweight), above 2500 g (normal birthweight); and several clinical factors influencing hyperbilirubinemia were also studied. Peak serum TB and UB levels increased with increasing birthweight, while UB/TB ratios decreased. The very low birthweight group showed higher UB levels and UB/TB ratios despite lower TB levels in intraventricular hemorrhage or severe infection compared to those in the others. The low birthweight and normal birthweight groups showed higher TB and UB levels in cases of hemolytic disease of the newborn compared to non-hemolytic disease of the newborn cases. Eight of 44 cases showed high UB levels accompanied by abnormal auditory brainstem responses, one of whom subsequently developed ataxic cerebral palsy with hearing loss, whereas the other seven showed transient abnormalities of auditory brainstem responses by the treatment of exchange transfusion or phototherapy. The UB measurement was considered to be significant for the assessment of the risk of bilirubin neurotoxicity and the appropriate intervention for hyperbilirubinemia in high-risk infants.', "There were few reports in the literature of Weil's disease with multiple organ failures, especially in children living in dengue endemic areas. A 12-year-old child was admitted to Tangerang district hospital with a provisional diagnosis of dengue infection. On the third day of hospitalization, dengue diagnostic tests were negative. As fever still remained and was followed by jaundice, decreasing hemoglobin, increasing bilirubin with abnormal value of liver enzymes; other causes of disease were investigated. Leptospirosis was confirmed by rapid IgM test (SD(®)) for leptospira; and micro-agglutination test which indicated Leptospira serogroup bataviae infection. The patient developed Weil's disease during the course of illness. Renal function was back to normal on the 21st day of hospitalization, while hemoglobin and bilirubin returned to normal three\xa0weeks after discharged. Our report highlights the importance of considering leptospirosis as a differential diagnosis in children with acute febrile illness; even when the signs and symptoms for the more common diagnoses such as dengue or typhoid fever were pathognomonic. A normal leukocyte count with neutrophilia and negative dengue NS1, dengue IgM, and Salmonella typhi IgM on admission should raise suspicion of leptospirosis, and prompt diagnostic assays for leptospirosis should be conducted.", "A pregnant woman (third trimester) presented with intense abdominal pain, nausea and myalgia. The patient was obese (body mass index 38) and was being treated for high blood pressure, hyperuricemia and hypothyroidism. She had chronic renal deficiency related to focal segmental glomerular sclerosis requiring dialysis. The physical examination at admission revealed a fever of 39°C and an acute abdomen with abdominal guarding in the right upper quadrant without hepatomegaly or splenomegaly. There were no clinical signs of pre-eclampsia. Fetal ultrasound and a Doppler of the umbilical vessels were normal. Laboratory tests showed normal liver and liver function (total protein 95%, alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), total bilirubin normal). The white cell count was 10×10<sup9</sup/l (90% neutrophils), with a normal platelet count. Blood, urine and vaginal cultures were negative. Abdominal ultrasound revealed isolated thickening of the gallbladder wall without cholelithiasis. Empirical antibiotic treatment was begun with intravenous amoxicillin. Six days later, the patient's condition had worsened with increased abdominal pain, persistent fever and liver test abnormalities (AST-ALT 6N). However, bilirubin, hepatic synthesis tests, as well as leucocyte and platelet counts were still normal. A caesarean section followed by coelioscopy was decided. Coelioscopy revealed a liver with numerous necrotic spots (see figure 1).gutjnl;66/11/1911/GUTJNL2016313097F1F1GUTJNL2016313097F1Figure\xa01Diagnostic laparoscopy revealed a liver surface covered with numerous white necrotic spots. What is the diagnosis?", 'Infectious aortitis is a rare condition with mortality rates approaching 100% without surgical intervention. Symptoms and findings may be vague. Computed tomography (CT) with intravenous (IV) contrast, once the gold standard of diagnosis, may only show subtle findings. More recently, CT angiography (CTA) and magnetic resonance angiography have become the diagnostic modalities of choice. A 58-year-old diabetic male presented to our emergency department with nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, fevers, and abdominal pain of two weeks duration. The patient had been seen just days before at another facility with the same complaints. He received an abdominal CT with IV contrast that was reported as negative and discharged with the diagnosis of gastroenteritis. He failed to improve and presented to our facility. On presentation, the patient was diaphoretic and uncomfortable. A repeat abdominal CT with IV contrast revealed a mantle of low density around the aorta. The patient was started on IV antibiotics, and a follow-up CTA of the abdomen and pelvis showed an irregular saccular aneurysm. Vascular surgery was consulted, and the patient underwent vascular reconstruction. Because of the high level of mortality seen in infectious aortitis and improvement in patient outcomes with surgical intervention, a high index of suspicion needs to be maintained in patients presenting with fever and chest, abdominal, and back pain, especially in the setting of risk factors and bacteremia. The clinician should be aware that the usual modality for the evaluation of abdominal pain, CT with IV contrast, may not be adequate to make the diagnosis.']}
{'id': 75, 'question': 'A patient admitted for acute pancreatitis starts with tachypnea, tachycardia, sweating and progressive cyanosis. PaO2 is 55 mm Hg (PaO2/FiO2 ratio<200). CXR shows bilateral alveolar pulmonary infiltrates. Pulmonary capillary wedge pressure is normal. Oxygen therapy does not improve the situation. What is the most probable diagnosis:', 'options': {'1': 'Nosocomial pneumonia.', '2': 'Cardiac failure.', '3': 'Carcinomatous lymphangitis.', '4': 'Pulmonary thromboembolism.', '5': 'Respiratory distress.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ["Pulmonary hypertension is a condition that can result in serious complications in patients undergoing any type of anesthesia during the perioperative period. By definition, pulmonary artery hypertension is caused by a persistent rise in mean pulmonary artery pressure ≥25 mm Hg with Pulmonary capillary wedge pressure ≤ 15 mm Hg or exercise mean pulmonary artery pressure ≥35 mm Hg and pulmonary vascular resistance ≥ 3 wood unit's. The severity of the complications depends on the severity of the underlying condition, other comorbidities, and type of procedure, anesthetic technique, and anesthetic drugs. In this article, we briefly review the pulmonary vascular physiology, pathophysiology of the disease, clinical assessment and diagnosis, treatment options, and the anesthetic management of these patients.", 'There is disagreement concerning the use of the pulmonary capillary wedge pressure (in place of left atrial pressure) in assessing the presence and severity of mitral valve disease. This study was done to assess the accuracy and reliability of an oximetrically confirmed pulmonary capillary wedge pressure in measuring the transvalvular pressure gradient and valve area in patients with mitral stenosis. In 10 patients with mitral stenosis (1 man and 9 women; mean age +/- SD 47 +/- 7 years), pulmonary capillary wedge pressure was measured through an 8F Goodale-Lubin catheter with its wedge position confirmed by oximetry (oxygen saturation greater than or equal to 95%). In addition, a transseptal left atrial pressure was measured through a Brockenbrough catheter and left ventricular pressure was measured through a pigtail catheter. The mean and phasic left atrial and pulmonary capillary wedge pressures were similar (mean left atrial pressure 18 +/- 6 mm Hg; mean pulmonary capillary wedge pressure 18 +/- 8 mm Hg; p = NS). When the pulmonary capillary wedge pressure was used without adjustment for time delay, the transvalvular pressure gradient (9.8 +/- 3.3 mm Hg) and valve area (1.5 +/- 0.5 cm2) were significantly different (p less than 0.05) from the values obtained with use of left atrial pressure (7.2 +/- 2.9 mm Hg and 1.7 +/- 0.6 cm2, respectively). In contrast, when the pulmonary capillary wedge pressure was adjusted for the time delay through the pulmonary vasculature, the difference in gradients averaged only 1.7 mm Hg and the mitral valve areas were similar.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)', 'Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) is rare and difficult progressive disease with prevalence of approximately 15 cases per million residents, with predominant female cases. A 47-year-old female presented with symptoms and signs of the right heart chambers failure. Over prior seven years the patient had the feeling of suffocation and fatigue when walking, and received treatment for bronchial asthma. Physical examination revealed a marked loud second heart sound over the pulmonary artery. Electrocardiogram: right ventricular hypertrophy. Spirometric (pulmonary capacity) test, cardiac perfusion scan and spiral CT scanning excluded secondary pulmonary arterial hypertension. Blood testing for connective tissue diseases and HIV were within normal reference limits. Transthoracic colour Doppler echocardiography demonstrated a mild tricuspid regurgitation with high values of estimated maximal and middle systolic pressure of the right ventricle (135/110 mm Hg), and excluded previous heart disease. Cardiac catheterization confirmed IPAH diagnosis, with systolic right ventricular pressure of 101/47/66 mm Hg and pulmonary capillary pressure of 30/13/10 mm Hg. Basic therapy with sildenafil, nevertheless, considerable limitations of strain tolerance was still present. IPAH is a severe heart disease with non-specific signs and symptoms. Screening for IPAH is transthoracic colour Doppler echocardiography shows high correlation with cardiac catheterization.', 'The etiology of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is chronic lung inflammation. In the United States, this inflammation most commonly is caused by smoking. COPD is diagnosed when an at-risk patient presents with respiratory symptoms and has irreversible airway obstruction indicated by a forced expiratory volume in 1 second/forced vital capacity ratio of less than 0.7. Management goals for COPD include smoking cessation, symptom reduction, exacerbation reduction, hospitalization avoidance, and improvement of quality of life. Stable patients with COPD who remain symptomatic despite using short-acting bronchodilators should start inhaled maintenance drugs to reduce symptoms and exacerbations, avoid hospitalizations, and improve quality of life. A long-acting anticholinergic or a long-acting beta2-agonist (LABA) can be used for initial therapy; these drugs have fewer adverse effects than inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). If patients remain symptomatic despite monotherapy, dual therapy with a long-acting anticholinergic and a LABA, or a LABA and an ICS, may be beneficial. Triple therapy (ie, a long-acting anticholinergic, a LABA, and an ICS) also is used, but it is unclear if triple therapy is superior to dual therapy. Roflumilast, an oral selective inhibitor of phosphodiesterase 4, is used to manage moderate to severe COPD. Continuous oxygen therapy is indicated for patients with COPD who have severe hypoxemia (ie, PaO2 less than 55 mm Hg or an oxygen saturation less than 88% on room air). Nonpharmacologic strategies also are useful to improve patient outcomes. Pulmonary rehabilitation improves dyspnea and quality of life. Pulmonary rehabilitation after an acute exacerbation reduces hospitalizations and mortality, and improves quality of life and exercise capacity. Smoking cessation is the most effective management strategy for reducing morbidity and mortality in patients with COPD. Lung volume reduction surgery, bullectomy, and lung transplantation are surgical interventions that are appropriate for some patients with COPD.', 'Twenty-three patients underwent pulmonary artery (Swan-Ganz) catheterization for hemodynamic monitoring immediately after cytoreductive surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. Seventeen patients were studied continuously for at least 24 hr to determine the postoperative hemodynamic changes; 6 patients were intermittently monitored. The mean age was 63 years, mean operating time was 4.4 hr, mean ascites volume was 2300 ml, and estimated mean blood loss was 1300 ml. The mean nadir arterial pressure was 90 mm Hg at 6 hr, rising to a maximum of 105 mm Hg at 18 hr. The mean right atrial pressure was 2.6 mm Hg at 6 hr and 7.5 mm Hg at 24 hr; and mean pulmonary capillary wedge pressure nadir was 7.3 mm Hg at 6 hr and 10.7 mm Hg at 24 hr. The systemic vascular resistance zenith was 1400 dyne/sec/cm-5 at 6 hr and 860 dyne/sec/cm-5 at 24 hr. The monitoring technique permitted the early identification of myocardial infarction in two patients, both of whom had increased systemic vascular resistance and pulmonary capillary wedge pressure, and required dopamine to maintain arterial pressure. One patient had a pulmonary embolus, reflected by an increased right atrial pressure, decreased cardiac output, and normal pulmonary capillary wedge pressure. In all three instances, pulmonary artery catheterization facilitated prompt, early diagnosis of cardiovascular compromise and permitted early therapeutic intervention. These data document that rapid and extreme changes in the cardiovascular system occur in patients undergoing cytoreductive surgery. These changes include a rapid increase in systemic vascular resistance, a decrease in pulmonary capillary wedge pressure, a reflex tachycardia, and a decrease in cardiac output; all of these changes result from an acute shift of intravascular volume to the extracellular space and a relative hypovolemia requiring active resuscitation. Pulmonary artery catheterization plays an important role in monitoring these hemodynamic changes and a predictable uniform recovery with fluid resuscitation.']}
{'id': 191, 'question': 'A 13-month-old infant comes to the emergency department with fever up to 39ºC of 48h of evolution with no other associated symptoms. Examination by organs and devices with no significant findings, highlighting good general condition. You were going to discharge him home but the Pediatrics attending on duty asks for a systematic urine and urine culture by catheterization. The urine shows leukocyturia ++, hematuria + and nitrites ++ and the urine Gram-negative bacilli are observed. In the blood analysis there is no leukocytosis and the C-reactive protein is 50 mg/l. The attending now tells you that the child does not need to be admitted and to prescribe an oral antibiotic. State the least appropriate empirical antibiotic treatment in this case:', 'options': {'1': 'Amoxicillin.', '2': 'Amoxicillin-clavulanic acid.', '3': 'Cefuroxime-axetil.', '4': 'Cotrimoxazole.', '5': 'Cefixime.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ["PURPOSE OF THE STUDY A very serious complication following joint replacement surgery is periprosthetic joint infection that can be caused by a urinary tract infection. Insertion of an indwelling urinary catheter constitutes a risk factor that may result in urinary tract infections. The aim of this prospective randomised study was to compare the occurrence of significant bacteriuria and symptomatic urinary tract infections during antibiotic prophylaxis at the time of removal of an indwelling urinary catheter by cotrimoxazole in two doses and with no administration of antibiotics. We also monitored the incidence of potential periprosthetic infection following the endoprosthesis implantation. The findings of preoperative urine tests were compared with the declared negative preoperative examination. MATERIAL AND METHODS The study included patients indicated for a total hip or knee replacement with a negative urine culture as a part of the preoperative testing. Where leukocyteria was detected, urine culture by mid-stream clean catch urine was obtained. The second part included patients, in whom an indwelling urinary catheter had to be inserted postoperatively for urine retention and/or monitoring of fluid balance and who were divided into two groups on a rota basis. No antibiotics were administered to the first group, whereas Cotrimoxazol 960 mg tablets p.o. was administered to the second group, 14 and 2 hours before the removal of the catheter. The urine culture test was performed 4 hours after the removal of the indwelling urinary catheter, in both the groups. The test was repeated after 14 days and a questionnaire was filled in to report urinary tract complications. Considered as significant bacteriuria by urinalysis was the laboratory finding of &gt; 10x4 CFU/ml in case of a single pathogen or &gt; 10x5 in case of multiple pathogens. The results were statistically processed by Fischer's exact test with the level of significance = 0.05. RESULTS In the first part of the study leukocyturia was detected by a test strip in 112 of the total of 478 patients. In 10 women, significant bacteriuria was found. Altogether 50 women and 50 men were randomly assigned to the second part of the study. The indwelling urinary catheter was in place for 4 days on average. In men, no statistically significant difference was detected in significant bacteriuria findings, in women a statistically significant difference of p = 0.00162 was found after the removal and after 14 days the borderline of statistical significance of p = 0.0507 was achieved, but no symptomatic urinary tract infection was present. In the period from 20 to 32 months following the total joint replacement, no periprosthetic infection caused by urinary tract infection was reported. DISCUSSION There is enough evidence to prove the correlation between the symptomatic urinary tract infection and periprosthetic infection. On the other hand, asymptomatic bacteriuria is a common finding in patients before the planned hip of knee joint replacement and its treatment is not recommended. No consensus has been achieved as yet regarding the method of antibiotic prophylaxis for an inserted urinary catheter. Antibiotics are administered throughout the period of catheterisation by an indwelling urinary catheter, during its removal, or are not administered at all. In our study antibiotics were administered during the removal of an indwelling urinary catheter and a statistically significant difference was found in women. It concerned, however, only a higher incidence of asymptomatic bacteriuria not treated by antibiotics, which in the next follow-up period did not lead to periprosthetic infection. CONCLUSIONS Despite the negative pre-operative urine culture, frequent incidence of leukocyturia and symptomatic urinary infections were detected in a fairly high number of cases. Therefore, we recommend asking the patients during the hospital admission process specifically about the urinary infection symptoms. The results of our study show that antibiotic prophylaxis during the removal of indwelling urinary catheters placed for a short-term is unnecessary. Key words: endoprosthesis, urinary catheter, bacteriuria, urinary tract infection.", 'Ordering urine cultures in patients without pyuria is associated with the inappropriate treatment of asymptomatic bacteriuria (ASB). In 2015, our institution implemented recommendations based on practice guidelines for the management of ASB and revised the urine culture ordering process to limit cultures in immunocompetent patients without pyuria. The purpose of this study was to determine how the treatment of ASB has changed over time since altering the urine culture ordering process to reduce unnecessary cultures at an academic medical center. A quasi-experimental study was conducted for inpatients with urine cultures from January to March of 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2020. The primary outcome was the antibiotic treatment of asymptomatic bacteriuria for over 24 h. The secondary outcomes were the total days of antibiotic therapy, type of antibiotic prescribed and overall urine culture rates at the hospital. A total of 200 inpatients with ASB were included, 50 at random from each year. In both 2014 and 2015, 70% of the patients with ASB received antibiotic treatment. Antibiotics were prescribed to 68% and 54% of patients with ASB in 2016 and 2020, respectively. The average duration of therapy decreased from 5.12 days in 2014 to 3.46 days in 2020. Although the urine cultures were reduced, there was no immediate impact in the prescribing rates for patients with ASB after implementing this institutional guidance and an altered urine culture ordering process. Over time, there was an observed improvement in prescribing and the total days of antibiotic therapy. This could be attributed to increased familiarity with the guidelines, culture ordering practices or improved documentation. Based on these findings, additional provider education is needed to reinforce the guideline recommendations on the management of ASB.', 'Urine cultures are commonly ordered in geriatric patients presenting with fever in the emergency department, but it is unclear if indiscriminate urine culture testing is warranted. We selected 708 consecutive geriatric patients with a chief complaint of fever to determine the clinical usage (changes in antibiotic therapy according to culture results) and the costs of culturing the urine that included the need for catheterization to obtain a sample for culture and complications from catheterization. We divided the patients into those with and without an extraurinary tract source for fever on admission. Urine cultures were performed in 74.9% (233/312) of the patients with a source for the fever outside the urinary tract and required urinary catheterization to obtain a sample in 36.8% (95/233) of those patients. Cultures were positive for bacteria 29.6% of the time (69/233), but did not result in the change of antibiotic treatment in any of the patients. Urine cultures were performed in 92.6% (326/352) of the patients without an extraurinary tract source for the fever, required catheterization in 49.7% (162/326) of the patients and 58.3% (190/326) of the cultures were positive for bacteria. Urine culture sensitivities changed antibiotic therapy in 24.2% (46/190) of the patients. There were no patients in either group with complications from urinary catheterization, but indwelling catheter rates increased inappropriately in both the groups. We conclude that urine culture testing is unnecessary in hospitalized geriatric patients who on admission have an extraurinary tract source for their fever, but it has clinical usage when the source for the fever on admission is unclear.', "Urinary tract infection is a common cause of paediatric morbidity. However, there is no consensus on the default method for urine culture collection in children. This study aimed to examine the contamination rates of different urine collection methods. This was a retrospective cohort study in a paediatric emergency department. Data were collected from electronic health records on all children whose urine culture samples were obtained in the paediatric emergency department between March 2018 and March 2019. Different methods of urine collection included the midstream (MS) method, clean catch (CC), transurethral bladder catheterisation and suprapubic aspiration. Contamination rates and positive urine culture rates were calculated and compared for sex, age, and collection method. Urine culture samples were collected from 1507 children. There were 284 (18.8%) cultures that were positive with significant growth and 52 (3.5%) that were defined as 'contaminated'. The contamination rates for the midstream method in toilet-trained children were 1.6% (10/609), 4.9% (17/348) for CC in pre-continent children, 4.9% (25/515) for transurethral bladder catheterisation and 0% (0/35) (P\xa0=\xa00.006) for suprapubic aspiration. There was no significant difference in contamination rates of urine cultures collected by CC and catheterisation in the compared groups. The rates of positive cultures in the subgroup of children with high suspicion for Urinary tract infection were also found to be similar. Our study shows that CC is non-inferior to catheterisation for collecting urine cultures in young children.", 'Urinary tract infections (UTI) are mostly caused by bacteria. Urine cultures are usually a definitive measure to select the appropriate antibiotics for the elimination of a uropathogen and subsequent recovery from the infection. However, the preferred antibiotics as determined by urine culture and sensitivity may still not eliminate the infection and would require further examination to ascertain the cause of treatment failure which could be unresolved bacteriuria, bacterial persistence, immediate reinfection with a different uropathogen or misdiagnosis. A 2-years 7\xa0months-old female was admitted in the Regional hospital of Buea following persistent fever. An auto medication with amoxicillin was reported. Urinalysis was done on the first day and the sediment of the cloudy urine revealed many bacteria and few pus cells. Ceftriaxone was prescribed as empirical treatment and a request for urine and blood culture was made. Three days after admission, the temperature and CRP were 39.0\xa0°C and 96\xa0mg/l, respectively. The urine culture results (&gt;\u200910<sup5</sup\xa0CFU/ml of Shigella flexneri sensitive to ofloxacin) were presented to the doctor on the 4th day of admission. Patient was put on ofloxacin. Three days after, the temperature (38.5\xa0°C) and CRP (24\xa0mg/l) were still elevated. The blood culture result came out negative. A second urine culture was requested which came back positive (&gt;\u200910<sup5</sup\xa0CFU/ml of Escherichia coli resistant to ofloxacin and sensitive to meropenem and amikacin). Ofloxacin was discontinued and the patient put on meropenem and amikacin. The third urine culture recorded no significant growth after 48\xa0h of incubation. The patient was discharged looking healthy once more with a normal body temperature. Antibiotics tailored towards the elimination of a particular bacterial species may as well provide a favorable environment for other bacterial species that are resistant to it in the course of treating a UTI episode. This apparent treatment failure may first of all require a second urine culture for confirmation rather than considering the possibilities of a misdiagnosis.']}
{'id': 323, 'question': '12-month-old boy, who in the health examinations practiced since birth presents right testicle in inguinal canal that is not possible to descend to the scrotum. Mark the CORRECT answer:', 'options': {'1': 'The most likely diagnosis is retractile testis.', '2': 'Wait until two years of age for spontaneous decrease of the synovial fluid.', '3': 'Human chorionic gonadotropin is the treatment of first choice.', '4': 'The indication for orchidopexy should not be deferred.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ["Amyand's hernia is an inguinal hernia containing the caecal appendix. It is usually an intraoperative finding, although it can be diagnosed preoperatively with radiologic examinations, which would show a tubular structure inside the inguinal canal. A male patient presented to the emergency department complaining of abdominal pain in the right lower quadrant. He had been orchidectomized during his childhood due to cryptorchidism, and had been under antibiotic treatment a week before due to a suspected gonorrhoea. A small irreductible mass was found in the right groin. Blood tests showed leucocytosis and elevated CRP. A CT-scan was performed, reporting a tubular structure with a blind end entering the inguinal canal that seemed to be the appendix. Single-port laparoscopic exploration was indicated, and a right vasitis was found instead of an Amyand's hernia. After the operation, the patient explained that he had not taken the antibiotics for the gonorrhoea. Untreated gonorrhoea causes ascendant vasitis and orchyepididimitis. In the present case, since the patient did not have testicles, the inflamed vas deferens mimicked the Appendix inside the inguinal canal. If the patient had told the truth about the untreated gonorrhoea, maybe the condition would have been suspected and no radiological examinations would have been performed, which subsequently lead to an unnecessary operation. Presently, Amyand's hernia is more frequently diagnosed preoperatively than intraoperatively. However when an Amyand's hernia is preoperatively suspected, the possibility of a vasitis should always be ruled out in order to avoid unnecessary operations.", 'A 34-year-old male presented to the emergency department with a 3-hour complaint of pain in the right lower quadrant and right testicle. He stated that his pain began suddenly while standing at work. On physical examination, he had a small, firm, unreducible bulge in his right inguinal canal and an enlarged right scrotum. The patient was placed in trendelenburg position; intravenous fentanyl, valium, and dilaudid were administered; and surgery consult was obtained. A testicular ultrasonogram (Figure) was obtained owing to continued pain in the right scrotum and inability to evaluate the testicle. After viewing the ultrasound pattern, the patient was promptly taken to the operating room 6 hours after onset of symptoms.', 'A 40-year-old male with presented to the clinic with the chief complaint of right inguinal pain radiating to his right testicle and right thigh with no history of trauma, fever, chills, dysuria, hematuria, or unprotected sexual activity. Physical exam revealed right testicular tenderness with no palpable abnormality of the bilateral testes or spermatic cords. Scrotal ultrasound was performed and was unremarkable for testicular or other intrascrotal pathology. Concurrently, chronic low back pain had prompted a lumbar CT to be performed, which was indeterminate, but subsequent lumbar MRI performed three months later revealed abnormal signals in the vertebral bodies of T12, L3, and L5, concerning for occult metastatic disease or multiple myeloma. PET-CT was performed revealing hypermetabolic lesions throughout the axial skeleton and, most notably, hypermetabolic lesions in the left inguinal and left upper scrotum. At this time, about 4 months after the original visit, physical exam revealed a palpable mobile mass in the left upper scrotum that was distinct from the left testicle, and another mass palpable near the left inguinal ring.', 'Polyorchidism is an uncommon anomaly resulting from transverse division of the embryonic genital ridge. Up to 50 percent of cases are associated with cryptorchidism. The present case describes a 6-year-old boy who was referred for evaluation of an undescended right testicle. Examination revealed compensatory hypertrophy of the left testis (2 cm length; 2 cc volume; volume twice normal for age). These measurements were consistent with the presence of monorchidism rather than cryptorchidism. Laparoscopy was performed to confirm the absence of the nonpalpable testicle and to localize any testicular remnants. Laparoscopic findings included a hypoplastic testicle at the mid lumbar it level (abdominal testis) and a second hypoplastic testicle just distal to the internal inguinal ring (inguinal testis). Both measured no more than 1 cm in greatest diameter and were excised laparoscopically. Histologic examination revealed two immature tests, with the abdominal testis demonstrating atrophy. It is well recognized that laparoscopy the high undescended testicle, or identification of testicular remnants. In addition, nonpalpable testicle assists in localization of the undescended testicle or identification of the testicular remnants. In addition,laparoscopic high ligation and division of the gonadal vessels can be performed in cases of the high undescended testicle. Moreover, as demonstrated here, laparoscopy may also allow identification of polyorchia, especially in cases where the proximal testicle is intraabdominal. Inguinal exploration alone may result in failure to recognize a higher duplicated gonad. Failure to recognize and excise the duplicated, potentially dysplastic testicle may place the child at risk for subsequent malignant degeneration.', 'True hermaphroditism is a rare form of intersex disorder. The authors report a case of true hermaphroditism with crossed ectopia of an ovotestis from the left to the right scrotum. The karyotype of the patient was 46,XX, without mosaicism. The majority of the ovotestis was comprised of testicular tissue. In other cases of human true hermaphroditism, descent of a pure ovary has not been noted to occur, despite the presence of the contralateral testis. Additionally, in congenital adrenal hyperplasia occurring in genotypic female subjects, pure ovaries do not descend into the scrotum despite the high level of androgens. Taken together, we believe that the demonstrated descent of mostly testicular ovotestes supports the idea that the testis produces a substance other than androgen that is important in guiding its descent.']}
{'id': 311, 'question': 'An 84-year-old woman presents with loss of vision in the left eye of 4 days of evolution accompanied by metamorphopsia. The macula shows abundant hard exudates, two small deep hemorrhages and a localized neurosensory retinal detachment. In the contralateral eye there are abundant soft drusen. Which of the following diagnoses do you think is the most likely?', 'options': {'1': 'Acute posterior vitreous detachment.', '2': 'Exudative age-related macular degeneration (AMD).', '3': 'Central retinal artery obstruction.', '4': 'Non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['To describe two cases of retinal artery occlusion followed by contralateral amaurosis fugax associated with eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis (EGPA, formerly known as Churg-Strauss syndrome). Case 1 is a 57 year-old male who presented with transient vision loss in the right eye two weeks after a cilioretinal artery occlusion in the left eye. Evaluation eventually led to a diagnosis of EGPA. The patient was treated with high-dose steroids followed by systemic immunomodulatory therapy. Vision in the right eye recovered to 20/20 with no further episodes of vision loss. Case 2 is a 55 year-old male with a known diagnosis of EGPA who presented with transient vision loss in the right eye four weeks after a central retinal artery occlusion of the left eye. This patient also successfully recovered vision in the right eye after treatment with high-dose steroids following a change in his systemic immunomodulatory therapy. While ANCA-vasculitides are an uncommon cause of retinal artery occlusion and amaurosis fugax, it is important that they remain in the differential diagnosis, as good visual outcomes can be achieved with prompt initiation of appropriate therapies.', 'Central serous chorioretinopathy is characterized by serous neurosensory detachment of the macula and it usually resolves spontaneously with good visual prognosis. In some patients, however, the serous retinal detachment might be very extensive and can result in bullous exudative retinal detachment. We evaluated the use of half-dose verteporfin photodynamic therapy for the treatment of bullous retinal detachment in idiopathic central serous chorioretinopathy. We report the case of a 51-year-old Chinese man who presented with blurred vision in his right eye and superior visual field defect due to bullous variant of central serous chorioretinopathy. No improvement in vision and retinal detachment was noted after three months of observation and a short course of oral acetazolamide. He was then treated with half-dose verteporfin photodynamic therapy and his visual acuity improved from 20/70 to 20/25 within one month of treatment. Three months after photodynamic therapy, there was complete resolution of sub-retinal fluid and bullous retinal detachment. No recurrence of central serous chorioretinopathy was noted in three years of follow-up. We report the beneficial effect of photodynamic therapy with half-dose verteporfin as a treatment option for bullous retinal detachment caused by central serous chorioretinopathy.', "Loss of vision is an extremely rare and unexpected complication following a routine uncomplicated nasal surgery. In majority of patients, visual loss has attributed to retinal emboli which occur with retrograde flow of the intra-arterially injected agents into the nasal cavity or direct trauma to the optic nerve. In this report, the authors present a patient with unilateral decreased vision due to branch retinal artery occlusion soon after a routine nasal surgery. Clinical report. A 32-year-old female patient admitted to the author' clinic with the complaints of decreased visual acuity in the left eye. She stated that she had undergone rhinoplasty operation 1 week ago and vision loss started immediately after the surgery.In the ophthalmological examination, the best corrected visual acuity with Snellen chart was 1.0 in the right eye and 0.3 in the left eye. In the fundoscopic examination of left eye there was a pale area in the inferior part of the macula. Fundus fluorescein angiography showed no evidence of nonperfusion in the right and left eyes and vascular structure was normal. On the optic coherence tomography, hyperreflectivity and increased thickness were observed in the inner retinal layers of the left eye. In the visual field test, there was a loss of the visual field which corresponds to the pale area on the left eye. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy was recommended. The ophthalmologic examination carried out 2 months later revealed a best corrected visual acuity of the left eye 0.9. In the fundoscopy pale area was regressed in the left eye. Fundus fluorescein angiography showed a good perfusion. There was a little progression in the visual field test. Direct mechanical trauma and vasoplastic/embolic vascular events are thought to be possible mechanisms. The authors think in this case, there was a retrograde flow of agents used during the surgery through ophthalmic artery to retinal arteries and vasospasm by epinephrin worsened the situation. Although rare retinal artery occlusion may develop after rhinoplasty, vision loss as a result of a surgery, if done for aesthetic purposes is not acceptable.", 'To report a patient with central retinal artery occlusion with double cilioretinal artery sparing. Retrospective case report. A 45-year-old woman presented with sudden vision loss in her left eye for 10 days. Her best-corrected visual acuity was counting fingers at 2 meters in the left eye and 20/20 in the right eye. Funduscopy showed retinal opacity of posterior fundus, most marked in the macular region, and two small areas of the normal retina; one temporal to the optic disk and the other superior to the optic disk corresponding to the patent cilioretinal retinal arteries in the left eye; the right eye was normal. Fundus fluorescein angiography showed rapid filling of the two cilioretinal vessels and delayed filling of the central retinal artery at initial and last visits. Spectral domain optical coherence tomography findings disclosed diffuse thickening of the neurosensory retina in the perifoveolar area except two small areas at the first visit. After 6 months, spectral domain optical coherence tomography revealed diffuse thinning of the neurosensory retina except two small areas of the retina fed from two patent cilioretinal arteries. In this report, we documented double cilioretinal artery sparing in a patient with central retinal artery occlusion. It seems that a second cilioretinal artery can be present in some patients with central retinal artery occlusion.', 'Retinal periphlebitis can precede the neurological effects of multiple sclerosis and reveal the disease. Although these occurrences of vasculitis are noted in 10% - 35% of multiple sclerosis patients, proliferative retinopathy is, on the contrary, an exceptional complication. We report the case of a 28-year-old woman who presented bilateral, proliferative, retinal vasculitis complicated with recurrent vitreous hemorrhages occurring with multiple sclerosis. Initially, there was a unilateral, central venous thrombosis in a particularly ischemic and proliferative form. After a neurological, biological and radiological check-up, the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis was pronounced and treatment with Interferon was started. A pan-retinal laser photocoagulation and vitrectomy with proliferative membrane peeling were performed. After a follow-up of 2.5 years, a bilateral epiretinal membrane on the macula with a chronic macular edema persisted, with visual acuity limited to 0.2 Parinaud 4 in the right eye and 0.5 Parinaud 2 in the left eye. This case shows that the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis must be established in cases of ischemic retinal vasculitis, especially as the literature does not seem to report a correlation between the retinal vascular affect and how far multiple sclerosis has progressed. Moreover, the visual prognosis of these proliferative lesions remains uncertain. Multiple sclerosis can be revealed initially, although exceptionally, by bilateral, proliferative and severe retinal vasculitis complicated with recurrent vitreous hemorrhages and tractional retinal detachment.']}
{'id': 137, 'question': 'Given a direct trauma to the right side of the face after which the patient presents unilateral palpebral hematoma, diplopia in the vertical gaze and difficulty in opening the mouth, which of the following statements is true?', 'options': {'1': 'We are with great probability in front of a Lefort I type fracture of the middle third of the face.', '2': 'This is probably a unilateral orbitomalar fracture. The diagnosis would ideally be verified by CT (computed axial tomography).', '3': 'It is a fracture of the base of the skull at the level of the carotid foramen.', '4': 'The probable diagnosis is fracture with dislocation of the mandibular condyle.', '5': 'A mandibular fracture is probably associated with a Lefort I type midface fracture.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["Impairment of vertical gaze has been attributed to lesions involving the neural structures at the mesodiencephalic level. Eye movements were studied in a patient with a unilateral paramedian thalamic infarction documented by MRI. A 63-year-old man presented 3 days after sudden onset vertical diplopia and hypersomnia. Eye movements were studied with electro-oculography and revealed impairment of vertical saccades with sparing of the vertical vestibulo-ocular reflex, vertical pursuit, Bell's phenomenon and vertical optokinetic nystagmus. MRI scan revealed a circular zone of altered signal intensity, suggesting infarction, in the paramedian ventral part of the right thalamus. This case demonstrates that a unilateral lesion mainly affecting the dorsomedial nucleus of the thalamus can result in selective impairment of vertical saccades and suggests that the corticofugal fibers mediating vertical saccades traverse in the medial thalamus en route to the rostral midbrain.", "The ocular tilt reaction (OTR) consists in an association of an eye-head postural reaction, alteration of vertical perception, conjugated eye cyclotorsion, skew deviation and head tilt. We observed this condition following unilateral vestibular neurectomy and labyrinthectomy performed in patients suffering from severe Meniere's disease. All patients described postoperative vertical diplopia and vertical perception tilt. One illustrative case is reported in detail here. Changes in visual vertical were measured using a vertical frame with a pivoting pointer and the Maddox rod calibrated with a spirit level. The actual eye torsion was measured by a photography of eye-fundus. In the follow-up, it was found that vertical diplopia disappeared within a few days while conjugated eye cyclotorsion lasted weeks to months. Mechanisms involved in the OTR could be the consequence of a unilateral deafferentation of the utricular and saccular organs. We feel that the techniques of examination which we used with this patient might be a useful measurement for the clinical evaluation of unilateral otolithic dysfunction.", "We report a rare case showing Weber's syndrome associated with supranuclear vertical gaze palsy caused by the ipsilateral lesion of the rostral interstitial nucleus of the medial longitudinal fasciculus (riMLF), which is regarded as the supranuclear control center of vertical gaze. To date, no literature concerning Weber's syndrome associated with the ipsilateral riMLF lesion was documented. The patient was a 53-year-old female, who suddenly developed unconsciousness and left-sided weakness. Neurological findings on admission revealed right third nerve palsy, severe supranuclear vertical gaze palsy, almost complete convergence palsy, left hemiparesis and hyperreflexia with positive Babinski's sign on the left side. There was no sign of pupillary disturbance or no abnormality of the horizontal movements of the left eye. The vestibulo-ocular reflex of the left eye was preserved. There was no sensory disturbance. Cranial MRI had the advantages in demonstrating unilateral ischemic lesions at the cerebral peduncle and the thalamomesencephalic junction involving the unilateral riMLF on the right side. Recent reports have demonstrated that supranuclear vertical gaze palsy is caused by the unilateral riMLF lesion. We confirm that the unilateral riMLF lesion causes supranuclear vertical gaze palsy in our case and that cranial MRI has the advantages in demonstrating the specific lesion.", "Previous studies evidenced that already from birth, newborns can perceive differences between a direct versus an averted gaze in faces both presented in static and interactive situations. It has been hypothesized that this early sensitivity would rely on modifications of the location of the iris (i.e. the darker part of the eye) in the sclera (i.e. the white part), or that it would be an outcome of newborns' preference for configurations of faces with the eye region being more contrasted. One question still remains: What happens when the position of the iris is not modified in the sclera, but the look is 'faraway', that is when the gaze is toward the newborns' face but above his or her own eyes? In the present study, we tested the influence of a direct versus a faraway gaze (i.e., two gazes that only differed slightly in the position of the iris on the vertical axis and not on the horizontal axis) on newborns' face recognition. The procedure was identical to that used in previous studies: using a familiarization-test procedure, we familiarized two groups of newborns (N\u2009=\u200932) with videos of different talking faces that were presented with either a direct or a faraway gaze. Newborns were then tested with photographs of\xa0the face seen previously and of a new one. Results evidenced that newborns looked longer at the familiar face, but only in the direct gaze condition. These results suggest that, already from birth, infants can perceive slight differences of gazes when someone is addressing to them.", 'Superior oblique posterior tenotomy (SOPT) is a recognized surgical treatment to weaken the depressor effect of the superior oblique muscle without causing excyclotropia. We analyzed its use in the management of diplopia in downgaze due to contralateral blowout orbital fracture. We performed a retrospective case note review of patients that had undergone an SOPT as a primary surgical option in the management of diplopia in down gaze caused by contralateral blowout orbital fracture. The study covered a 17-year period from 1993 and 2010. These cases had diplopia maximal to the side of the orbital blowout. Pre- and postoperative orthoptic measurements were compared. Surgical complications were noted. Five patients who fulfilled the entry criteria were identified. The mean follow-up period was 15.2 months (range 6-20 months). Preoperatively, the median |dev| was 2 prism diopters (PD) in primary position (range, 0-2) and 8 PD in downgaze (range, 2-18). At the final follow-up, the median |dev| in primary position was 0 PD (range, 0-2) and 2 PD in downgaze (range, 0-12). There were no significant differences pre- and postoperatively in both the primary position (p=0.19) or in downgaze (p=0.25) despite the large reduction in deviation size. Two patients needed a second procedure following SOPT. No patients complained of torsion, not in the primary position or in downgaze following the surgery. Contralateral SOPT can be a useful and simple primary treatment option for patients with moderate vertical deviations in downgaze to the same side of the orbital fracture. Larger deviations may require second surgeries. SOPT does not cause iatrogenic excyclotorsion and avoids surgery to a potentially much scarred inferior rectus area.']}
{'id': 309, 'question': 'A 47-year-old man with myopia magna, who underwent cataract surgery 2 years ago, comes to the emergency room reporting a profound and painless loss of vision in his right eye. Which of the following diagnoses can cause this symptomatology?', 'options': {'1': 'Post-surgical endophthalmitis.', '2': 'Retinal detachment.', '3': 'Age-related macular degeneration, wet form.', '4': 'Posterior vitreous detachment.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["To present the case of a patient with Toric Lentis Mplus intraocular lens (IOL) (Oculentis, Berlin, Germany) opacification after vitrectomy and his follow-up. A 44-year-old man with high myopia and right optic neuritis history complained of visual impairment due to cataract in the right eye. We performed uneventful phacoemulsification and implanted a Toric Lentis Mplus IOL in his right eye. Six months later, he came to us with a retinal detachment in the nasal area of the right eye. We performed a 25-gauge vitrectomy with gas tamponade and endolaser treatment. Ten months after the vitrectomy, he complained of blurred vision in the right eye again. On slit-lamp examination, we observed a wide opacification localized to the anterior surface of the IOL. We explanted the IOL from the right eye and replaced it with a Clareon IOL (Alcon, Fort Worth, TX). The explanted IOL was examined under light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy. We described a case of postoperative opacification of Toric Lentis Mplus IOL after vitrectomy. We found calcium aggregate deposits on the anterior surface of the IOL. Given the higher frequency of fundus disease observed in patients with high myopia, hydrophilic acrylic IOLs should be used with caution in patients with high myopia and in young patients. To our knowledge, this is the first report of Toric Lentis Mplus IOL opacification after the 2017 Field Safety Notice by Oculentis in response to the Food and Drug Administration's recall.", "Point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) has become an essential part of the evaluation of vision loss among emergency physicians in the emergency department (ED). It is frequently used to evaluate for vitreous hemorrhage, foreign bodies, retinal detachment, optic neuritis and posterior vitreous detachment; however, it can also be used to evaluate for a central retinal artery occlusion (CRAO). A POCUS can reveal a hyperechoic density in the optic nerve sheath just proximal to the retinal surface, and this is referred to as a retrobulbar 'spot sign' (RBSS). We present the case of an 88-year-old male that presented to our community ED with a painless loss of vision to his right eye. A POCUS revealed an RBSS of the central retinal artery and he was subsequently diagnosed with a CRAO. At his 1-month follow-up, he has regained light perception and 15% of his vision, however, remains with significant visual impairment.", 'A 40-year-old man presented with painless sudden visual loss due to a central retinal artery occlusion (CRAO) in his right eye. Three months later, he had painless acute visual loss in his left eye with visual acuity of 20/100 and a swollen optic disc. After oral prednisone treatment, the disc swelling resolved and acuity recovered to 20/20. Five months later, the patient experienced another episode of vision loss in the left eye associated with optic disc edema. With steroid therapy, he regained 20/20 acuity once again. With a history of recurrent oral ulcers, fluorescein angiography showing obliterative retinal vasculitis in the right eye, and steroid responsive optic neuropathy in the left eye, we made the diagnosis of incomplete Behçet disease.', "We report a case of myopic choroidal neovascularization that showed improvement after a single injection of ranibizumab. A 45-year-old Chinese man with high myopia presented with sudden onset painless central scotoma of his right eye of 2 weeks' duration. There was no history of trauma. His right eye vision on presentation was 6/30 which showed no improvement with pinhole. The right fundus showed myopic maculopathy at the posterior pole with subretinal hemorrhage at the inferotemporal fovea. The optic disc was tilted with inferotemporal peripapillary atrophy. There was a myopic maculopathy appearance in the macula of the left eye. Fundus fluorescein angiography revealed choroidal neovascularization at the fovea of the right eye. A diagnosis of right eye choroidal neovascularization secondary to myopic maculopathy was made. A single intravitreal injection of ranibizumab 0.05 mL was given. Ten weeks following intravitreal injection, vision had improved to 6/7.5, and repeated fundus fluorescein angiography showed absence of choroidal neovascularization. Follow-up at 6 months showed visual acuity had normalized to 6/6 with glasses, which was maintained up to 12 months following treatment. The right fundus showed no further subretinal hemorrhage with no new lesions.", "A 47-year-old Caucasian man with arterial hypertension was admitted after a seizure. At the emergency department, he presented with high blood pressure, bilateral vision loss (evidenced by unresponsiveness to threatening stimuli), right hemiplegia and severe agitation. The brain CT angiography showed a diffuse basal cisterns subarachnoid haemorrhage with a ruptured basilar aneurysm. He was admitted for neurovascular procedure and embolisation. The patient's neurological examination improved but blindness persisted. A funduscopic examination revealed a left eye vitreous haemorrhage and diffuse retinal haemorrhages in the posterior pole. Assuming the haemorrhages were the cause of blindness, Terson syndrome was diagnosed. The patient underwent vitrectomy surgery being discharged 5\u2009days later maintaining left eye blindness and able to count fingers from 1 m distance with the right eye. Two months after discharge, he was re-evaluated at our clinic with left eye blurred vision and almost normal right eye visual acuity."]}
{'id': 279, 'question': "A 59-year-old woman presenting with chronic watery diarrhea of 4 months' evolution. In the endoscopy, the mucosa did not show relevant aspects. In particular, no ulcers or friable areas were observed. A biopsy of the transverse colon was performed. Histopathology revealed a thickened area below the superficial lining epithelium, which was more evident by Masson's trichrome technique and involved epithelial atrophy and denudation. There was also a clear increase in intraepithelial lymphocyte density. The diagnosis of the intestinal lesion is?", 'options': {'1': 'Chronic ulcerative colitis.', '2': 'Pseudomembranous colitis.', '3': 'Collagenous colitis.', '4': "Fibrosing Crohn's disease.", '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['A 63-year-old woman was referred and admitted to our department for further examination of protein-losing enteropathy (PLE), which was diagnosed by alpha-anti trypsin test. Her symptoms were frequent vomiting, watery diarrhea and hypoproteinemia. Although intensive examination for PLE was performed in her previous hospital, the origin of the disease was not detected. Abdominal computed tomography revealed diffuse enlargement and swelling of the intestine wall and a 5-cm diameter mass with unclear margin, which involved the mesenteric arteries and veins. Total colonoscopy showed a diffuse edematous lesion with hemorrhage at the terminal ileum. Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma (ETL) was diagnosed based on a biopsy of the lesion and CD45 gating analysis. Immediate start of chemotherapy (CHOP) led to a transient regression of the tumor even though her symptoms were not improved. During the second cycle of CHOP, the patient died of massive hemorrhage throughout the intestine. The pathological study revealed that intraepithelial CD3-positive clonal T-cells were present in the lesion, indicating that this case could be associated with celiac disease. In light of the histological findings, we concluded that this was a case of ETL associated with celiac disease, which is extremely rare in Japan.', 'A case of collagenous colitis is reported. A 48 year old female who had been complaining of mild diarrhea had been under medication for a gastric ulcer. Colonoscopy revealed almost normal appearance of the colonic mucosa except for one hyperplastic polyp of the cecum. Specimens of the ascending, transverse and descending colon showed a distinctively thickened collagen band beneath the surface epithelium, 10-20 microns thick, which was irregularly distributed, even within the same specimen. In some areas, the thickened collagen band was found around the upper part of the pits. Periodic acid-Schiff (PAS), Azan staining and silver impregnation were positive for this thickened collagen band. Immunohistochemically, the thickened collagen band was weakly positive for collagen type III, but negative for collagen types I and IV. Plasma cells, lymphocytes and eosinophils were observed in the lamina propria in addition to intraepithelial lymphocytic infiltration. Capillaries were increased in the thickened collagen band. The arrangement of surface epithelial cells was irregular. Crypts were not distorted. Edema, diffuse or extensive fibrosis and congestion were not found. Through these findings the patient was diagnosed as having collagenous colitis. Many cases of this had been reported in western countries, but very few in Japan. The Japanese literature was reviewed for cases of collagenous colitis and it was found that only two cases had been presented.', "A novel concept of spectrally resolved morphometry for histological specimens was developed using light microscopy combined with spectrally resolved imaging. The spectroscopic characteristics of rat hepatocytes stained by Haematoxylin and Eosin, Romanowsky-Giemsa, periodic acid-Schiff and Masson's trichrome were assessed. Light intensity in the range 450-850 nm was recorded from 10000 pixels of nuclear domains of each stained cell and represented as light transmittance spectra and optical density. In order to identify spectral shifts caused by stain-macromolecule interactions, we compared the spectra of individual stain components with those of DNA and bovine serum albumin. Chromatin and interchromatin areas were classified spectrally using a chosen spectral library followed by morphometric calculations of nuclear domains for each staining method. The spectral fingerprints of Masson's trichrome stain distinguished the nucleolus from the rest of the nuclear chromatin, enabling the demarcation and calculation of the nucleolar area. Spectrally resolved imaging of human hepatocytes stained by Masson's trichrome stain revealed marked differences between the nucleolar area in normal human hepatocytes compared with hepatocellular carcinoma. Masson's trichrome stain also distinguished the nucleolar area in human breast carcinoma cells and keratinocytes.", 'The majority of foreign gastroenterologists have their doubts whether there exist "undifferentiated" colitisis. They consider these to be a variant of the irritable bowel syndrome. We have examined 173 patients. Of these, 67 percent were less than 45 years of age with significant intestinal disorders caused by chronic colitis. Diagnosis of Crohn\'s disease and nonspecific ulcerative colitis had been excluded. The main complaints of the patients were constipations alternated sometimes with short-time diarrhea (61%), diarrhea (13%), spasmodic pains in the inferior parts of the abdomen (20%), abdominal distention, and rumbling (74%). In 79% there was tenderness in the sygmoid colon and caecum and spasm thereof. Rectoromanoscopy (RRS) revealed normal mucosa of the rectum and sygmoid colon in 70%, proctosygmoiditis (predominantly catarrhal) in 30 percent of cases. In proctosygmoiditis (vs the normal mucosa) motor dysfunctions, disorders of the contrast mass passage through the intestine, gaustrations were more often seen but the relief of the mucosa was intact. Results of morphological investigations of biopsy specimens of rectal and sygmoidal mucosas were compared with endoscopy findings. No histological changes were revealed in 23% patients with proctosygmoiditis whereas in cases of endoscopically normal mucosa moderate inflammation was rarely detectable. Inflammatory changes in the mucosa were to be seen more frequently by cytologic analysis than by biopsy but more rarely than by RRS. In this way, 25% patients with endoscopical diagnosis of proctosygmoiditis had normal cytological picture. The increased amount of intestinal enzymes (enterokynase, alkaline phosphatase) in stools does not permit differentiating the functional and organic types of the disease, but it significantly contributes to endoscopical, morphological, cytological, and clinical data. Our investigations show that "undifferentiated" colitis is a rarity and that one finds difficulty in differentiating between the above condition and the irritable bowel syndrome.', 'The term "obstructive colitis" refers to ulceroinflammatory lesions occurring in the colon proximal to an obstructing or potentially obstructing lesion. We studied nine cases identified over a 9-month period. The patients were predominantly female (only one was male), elderly (mean age, 73), and usually had hypertension, diabetes, or other prior chronic illness. The colonic obstruction was due to adenocarcinoma in seven cases and to diverticular disease in two cases. Areas of colitis occurred either as circumscribed ulcers 0.5-2 cm in diameter (three cases) or as confluent circumferential lesions 8-25 cm in length; they were always separated from the more distal obstructing lesions by a segment of normal colon measuring 2.5-35 cm (mean, 14.6 cm). The involved area of colon was usually only mildly dilated; it exhibited moderate thickening of the wall and had a granular luminal surface accentuated in areas by deeper longitudinal or transverse ulcers. Often there were scattered pseudopolyps, and the margin separating the lesion from normal mucosa was well demarcated and irregular. In one case, two distinct separate areas of colitis were present; in another, the appendix was acutely inflamed. Microscopically, the lesions were composed of granulation tissue with a mixed acute and chronic inflammatory infiltrate that replaced the mucosa and often the submucosa; sometimes it extended into the muscularis propria, with associated peritonitis and perforation. Many of the features of obstructive colitis suggest an ischemic origin, probably mainly due to hypoperfusion following raised intramural pressure, but altered fecal flora may have a synergistic effect. The features of the disease are usually sufficiently characteristic to distinguish it from Crohn\'s disease and other forms of colitis. Complications include peritonitis, perforation and breakdown of anastomoses made through involved segments of colon that may appear externally normal at surgery.']}
{'id': 437, 'question': 'Luis is a 25-year-old young man who underwent splenectomy after a bicycle accident 1 year ago. He has a dog that bit him 24 hours ago and has caused a small wound on his right hand. He went to his health center (located 3 hours from the nearest hospital) for fever of 39ºC, pain in the wound and general malaise. On examination, BP 100/60 mm Hg, HR 110 beats per minute, slight swelling in the wound without pus. Which of the following actions is most indicated at this time?', 'options': {'1': 'Send to hospital for rabies and tetanus vaccination and keep under observation.', '2': 'Clean the wound and administer intramuscular nonspecific ganunaglobulin.', '3': 'Give 400 mg of oral moxifloxacin and send to the hospital.', '4': 'Give clindamycin 600 mg oral every 8 hours and observation.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['We report the case of an 11-year-old boy brought to our emergency department 2\u2009hours after a viper bite to his right hand. He suffered severe pain and rapidly progressive swelling with signs of haemodynamic compromise in keeping with distributive shock. The oedema progressed from his right wrist upwards to his forearm and upper arm with compartment syndrome ultimately resulting. He underwent fasciotomy of the right upper limb and antivenom serum was given. The patient required vasopressors for 48 hours and a total of nine surgical interventions were necessary. In the event of a snakebite, it is essential to promptly recognise the signs of severity, complications and indications for the administration of antivenom serum. We intend to highlight this rare shock aetiology and the need for emergency management if severe clinical signs are present. Early administration of antivenom serum is essential and it should be available in all emergency departments.', 'Mack Roach, III, MD, is a son of Texas who was born in the east Texas town of Palestine. Dr Roach recalled that while growing up, he, along with his 4 brothers, was strongly and lovingly supported by their parents, especially their mother, who was, as Dr Roach recalled, "always there" for them. He went on to remark that his father taught him 2 important life lessons. One lesson his dad imparted to him was that "whatever you do, be the best," and equally as important, his dad taught him how to play dominos. Following his early youth in Texas, he and his family, relocated to northern California to the San Francisco Bay Area. After completing high school there, he entered Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia, where he completed his undergraduate studies in physics, finishing with honors in 1975. He later attended medical school at Stanford University in California, graduating in 1979. Dr Roach is married and has 2 daughters: Imani, who is in a PhD program at Harvard University, and Sarah, who is currently in high school. Dr Roach is currently a tenured professor of radiation oncology and urology, and serves as the chairman of the Radiation Oncology Department at the University of California Medical Center in San Francisco, California. He has received many accolades in his career to date such as being voted one of the Best Doctors in the Bay Area (1997, 1998) and Best Doctor in America in (1996, 1997, 2003, and 2005), and he was awarded the Health and Wellness Award from the 100 Black Men of the Bay Area (1999). He has traveled the world lecturing on the intricacies of prostate cancer treatment from a radiotherapeutic perspective, both technical and clinical, including a United Nations meeting on prostate cancer in Vienna, Switzerland.', ': To report a case of polymicrobial keratitis caused by Streptococcus salivarius, Streptococcus oralis, and coagulase-negative Staphylococcus sp. in a patient who underwent collagen cross-linking for keratoconus. : Case report. : A 32-year-old male presented with a 1-day history of a painful red eye, occurring 3 days after he had undergone a collagen cross-linking with riboflavin and UV-A on his left eye for keratoconus. He admitted to removing his bandage contact lens and cleaning it in his mouth before reapplying it in his eye. On presentation, a severe keratitis with an 8-mm epithelial defect and 360-degree ring infiltrate was found. Culture results from his contact lens were positive for S. salivarius and S. oralis, and coagulase-negative Staphylococcus sp. were grown from his corneal scrapings. : Collagen cross-linking is a promising procedure for the treatment of progressive keratoconus with minimal reported side effects. However, the possibility of a secondary infection after the procedure exists because the patient is subjected to epithelial debridement and the application of a soft contact lens. The role of the UV light on the immune mechanisms of the cornea and its effect on corneal wound healing warrant further investigation.', 'Electrical burns caused by low-voltage batteries are rarely reported. We recently encountered a male patient who suffered from a superficial second-degree burn over his left elbow and back. The total body surface area of the burn was estimated to be 6%. After interviewing the patient, the cause was suspected to be related to the explosion of a music player on the left-side of his waist, carried on his belt while he was painting a bathroom wall. Elevated creatine kinase levels and hematuria indicated rhabdomyolysis and suggested an electrical burn. Initial treatment was done in the burn intensive care unit with fluid challenge and wound care. The creatine kinase level decreased gradually and the hematuria was gone after 4 days in the intensive care unit. He was then transferred to the general ward for further wound management and discharged from our burn center after a total of 11 days without surgical intervention. ', 'Envenomation from pit vipers native to North America can be treated successfully with either of the 2 commercially available antivenoms licensed in the United States. However, envenomations from imported snakes held in zoos or private collections often pose unique challenges to management because of the lack of specific antivenom and the unclear efficacy of the available licensed products. We report the case of a 37-year-old man who was envenomated on his left hand by his pet hognosed viper (Porthidium nasutum ). He had swelling at the wound site that progressively worsened over 3 to 4 hours. His symptom progression included the structural motor impairment of his fingers and a sensory deficit. Treatment with 8 vials of Antivenin (Crotalidae) polyvalent was associated with a halt of extremity swelling and restoration of neurologic and motor function of his hand. Limited experimental evidence provides support for antigenic cross-reactivity between Antivenin (Crotalidae) polyvalent and P nasutum venom.']}
{'id': 112, 'question': 'A 67-year-old patient with a history of menopause at 55 years of age, 3 pregnancies with 3 euthyroid deliveries, type 2 diabetes of 6 years of evolution, treatment with nifedipone for hypertension. She consulted for intermittent scanty metrorrhagia of 2 months of evolution. The gynecological examination showed external genitalia without lesions, an atrophic cervix, a normal uterus and appendages on palpation and a normal cytological study of the cervix. The transvaginal ultrasound study shows a 7 mm hyperechogenic endometrium. Which of the following tests is the most appropriate and most sensitive to establish a diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Conization of the cervix.', '2': 'Endometrial cytology.', '3': 'Hysteroscopy and endometrial biopsy.', '4': 'Magnetic resonance imaging of the pelvis.', '5': 'Examination under anesthesia of the genital tract and biopsy of the cervix and endometrium.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Aplasia of the mandibular condyle alone without any other facial malformation and medical history is a very rare condition. This clinical report describes treatment with a functional appliance in a young patient with aplasia of the mandibular condyle alone without any other facial malformation, which is a very rare condition. The patient, a 6(1/2)-year-old girl, was referred for treatment of mandibular asymmetry. There was no relevant family history. The patient showed early mixed dentition with a II molar relationship on the right and II on the left side, 5 mm of overbite and 5 mm of overjet, and a lower midline discrepancy of 3 mm. According to the Pruzansky-Kaban classification of mandibular deformity, the patient was a type IIA; according to Vento and his classification, the mandible of the patient was M2B. The patient was given a Haupl-Andresen activator, which had been modified to reposition the right mandible downward and forward. The functional appliance therapy lasted for approximately 4 years. The affected side showed remarkable condylar growth compared with the normal side. Seven years later, the correction of the mandibular asymmetry was stable and no relapse had occurred.', 'A 51-year-old woman consulted for pelvic pain, metrorrhagia and leukorrhea. Physical examination revealed a renitent and mobile mass in the pelvis. A right lateral uterine mass with hydroxalpinx was found at ultrasonography. Pathology examination of the right annexectomy specimen provided the definitive diagnosis: fallopian tube cancer with polymyositis. No residual tumor was found at total hysterectomy with total bilateral annexectomy. The patient was lost to follow-up for three years without complementary treatment then consulted later for functional disability of the upper then lower limbs with myalgia, swallowing disorders and left supraclavian node enlargement resulting from pelvic relapse of the right fallopian tube adenocarcinoma and left supraclavian metastasis with paraneoplastic polymositis. The patient was given 6 courses of chemotherapy with radiotherapy (45 Gy) centered on the left clavian region. The patient exhibited a spectacular response, and remains in complete remission 50 months after diagnosis. The association of a fallopian tube tumor with polymyositis is exceptional, requiring rapid anticancer treatment effective against the cancer and the paraneoplastic polymyositis.', "Primary cervical melanocytic schwannomas, arising from the sympathetic chain, are very rare pigmented neural sheath tumors that, both grossly and clinically, are often misdiagnosed with other more frequent lesions of the uterine cervix. Literature review accounts for seventeen published cases of schwannomas of the cervix, ten of which are malignant and seven benign. Pathological examination with immunostaining techniques is essential for the correct diagnosis of these tumors. We report a case of primary cervical schwannoma in a 32-year-old female who was referred to our department at 13 weeks of gestation with a diagnosis of malignant melanoma of the cervix. Pathological review detailed a neoplasm with a myxoid spindle cell component and a minority of small epithelioid cells, with a low-malignant potential proliferation index: morphological and immunocytochemical findings were compatible with the diagnosis of nerve sheath tumor, type schwannoma. The patient underwent a vaginal trachelectomy and a prophylactic Shirodkar's cerclage. Pregnancy was carried on without any negative event. The patient delivered by a caesarean section a healthy female newborn. Placental histology was negative. After 6 years from the first diagnosis, the patient is healthy and disease free.", "Primary female genital tract lymphomas are sporadic neoplasms, accounting for 0.2% to 1.1% of all cases of extranodal lymphoma. The most common genital localizations are the cervix, the uterine corpus and the ovary, while primary lymphomas of the fallopian tube are quite unusual. According to literature searching in PubMed, this is the first reported case of primary diffuse large B-cell lymphoma of the fallopian tube. A 52-year-old woman presented with a more than 2 months history of intermittent lower abdominal pain. The gynecological examination showed that the uterus, as big as 3\u200amonths of pregnancy, had weak activity and no tenderness. The uterine rectum lacuna was like a hard nodule of about 3\u200a×\u200a2\u200acm, and an irregular solid mass was fixed and inactive in the right adnexa. In accordance with Ann Arbor staging system, a stage IE primary diffuse large B-cell lymphoma of fallopian tube was diagnosed for this patient, based on the tumor pathology, the results of bone marrow biopsy and computed tomography (CT) scan. After gynecological/urinary ultrasound, blood test, pelvic contrast enhanced CT scan and CT angiography of iliac artery, exploratory laparoscopy and following hysterectomy with bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy were performed. After the surgery, the patient was treated with combined Rituximab and chemotherapy and got complete response (CR). After the operation and R-CHPOP, following up for more than 1\u200ayear so far, the patient has no tumor recurrence and is still in good condition. It is very difficult to diagnose the primary diffuse large B-cell lymphoma of fallopian tube, not only because of its rarity, but also because of its non-specific clinical manifestations. It easily be treated as late ovarian cancer by gynecologist. So the pathology diagnosis and surgeons' decision is very important. Because lymphoma is pretty sensitive to chemotherapy and easy to get complete response, so we no need to do an operation like ovarian cancer and should put chemotherapy as a primary method for lymphomas of the female genital tract.", 'Gossypibomas are a cottonoid matrix left behind following surgery. Owing to the legal issues associated with it, very few literature studies are available online, most of them being case reports. The purpose of our study was to identify the patient demographics, risk factors and imaging features. Six surgically identified and histopathologically confirmed cases of gossypibomas recorded over a period of 5 years from a single tertiary institution were retrospectively evaluated for patient demographics [sex, age, body mass index (BMI)], type of surgery and duration from time of surgery to onset of symptoms. Ultrasound and CT images obtained from our hospital database were evaluated for their characteristic pattern. Statistics used included percentage and frequency. Females formed the bulk of our patients and the mean BMI of our patients was 24.25. The interval between surgery and symptom presentation ranged from 2 months to 7 years. The most common imaging patterns observed on ultrasound and CT were a thick-walled hypoechoic lesion with a strong posterior acoustic shadowing and a "spongiform pattern", respectively. A detailed patient history, taking into account radiologist-surgeon interaction, along with familiarization of the various risk factors and imaging patterns can bring about an accurate diagnosis of a gossypiboma. Advances in knowledge: Our study showed that the female sex, especially those undergoing gynaecology-related surgery such as hysterectomy and patients with a high BMI were at risk of gossypibomas. The combination of a hypoechoic lesion with strong posterior shadowing on ultrasound along with a spongiform pattern on CT was highly characteristic for gossypiboma on imaging.']}
{'id': 374, 'question': "A 52-year-old man comes to the Emergency Department with headache and fever (37.8°C) of 2 days' evolution. In the last few hours, he also had difficulty in nomination and comprehension. The examination did not show nuchal rigidity, the most striking finding being the presence of a mixed aphasia. The cranial CT shows a faint hypodensity in the left temporal lobe without mass effect and without contrast uptake. Which of the following statements is correct?", 'options': {'1': 'Bacterial meningitis is the first diagnostic impression and treatment with 3rd generation cephalosporin should be initiated as soon as possible.', '2': "Most likely this patient's CSF shows a lymphocyte-predominant pleocytosis with normal glycorrhachia.", '3': 'We would suspect limbic encephalitis.', '4': 'This is an early stage brain abscess.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['A rare case of repeated intracerebral hematoma associated with an intracerebral fibrosarcoma is reported. A 43-year-old man was referred to our clinic with headache and vomiting of sudden onset. On admission, he was lethargic. CT revealed a huge intracerebral hematoma in the left temporal lobe with midline shift. Angiography failed to demonstrate any evidence of an intracranial tumor. An operation was performed under the diagnosis of an idiopathic cerebral hematoma. The postoperative course was uneventful and he was discharged without any deficits except for a left upper quadrant homonymous hemianopia. Four and a half months after the first operation, he was readmitted to our clinic with the same symptoms as he had at the first admission. Neuroradiological examination again revealed an intracerebral hematoma in the left temporal lobe. At operation, a pinkish-gray discolored mass at the hematoma wall was found. An intraoperative histological examination of the mass indicated a malignant tumor and the tumor was totally removed. However the patient did not recover from the severe neurological deficits and died 3 months after the second surgery. Histological examinations of the tumor demonstrated a typical fibrosarcoma. Intracerebral primary fibrosarcoma with hemorrhage is quite rare. In such a case with a large hematoma, the presence of a tumor may be obscured on CT scan and angiography. Detailed observation of the hematoma wall using an operating microscope should be performed to allow a correct diagnosis.', 'Pseudogout is a benign joint lesion caused by the deposition of calcium pyro-phosphate dihydrate crystals, but it is invasive. Pseudogout of the temporo-mandibular joint (TMJ) is uncommon, and it rarely invades the skull base or penetrates into the middle cranial fossa. The disease has no characteristic clinical manifestations and is easily misdiagnosed. We present two cases of tophaceous pseudogout of the TMJ invading the middle cranial fossa. A 46-year-old woman with a history of diabetes for more than 10 years was admitted to the hospital due to swelling and pain in the right temporal region. Another patient, a 52-year-old man with a mass in the left TMJ for 6 years, was admitted to the hospital. Maxillofacial imaging showed a calcified mass and severe bone destruction of the skull base in the TMJ area. Both patients underwent excision of the lesion. The lesion was pathologically diagnosed as tophaceous pseudogout. The symptoms in these patients were relieved after surgery. Tophaceous pseudogout should be considered when there is a calcified mass in the TMJ with or without bone destruction. A pathological examination is the gold standard for diagnosing this disease. Surgical treatment is currently the recommended treatment, and the prognosis is good after surgery.', "A primary lymphoma in the left temporal lobe of the brain in a 66-year old man is presented. The brain tumor was diagnosed on the basis of clinical symptoms (temporary dizziness, mixed aphasia and right hemiparesis) and repeated CT scanning of the brain. The patient with diagnosed malignant, non-operative brain tumor underwent a series of radiotherapy and steroidtherapy. The patient died twelve months after the first signs and symptoms had occurred. A general autopsy did not reveal any neoplasmatic changes. A macroscopic neuropathological examination showed large tumor's mass in the left temporal lobe which was not separated clearly from its surrounding. A microscopic examination included histopathological (HE, Kanzler-Arendt, Perdrau, PATH, PAS) and immunocytochemical techniques (GFAP, anti-galactocerebroside, LCA, CD45RO, OPD4, CD20). It was found that the examined brain tumor was B-cell malignant lymphoma with the presence of T-cells. Since no changes were revealed in internal organs, the tumor was diagnosed as a primary brain lymphoma.", 'BACKGROUND Sudden focal neurologic deficits have a high index of suspicion of stroke. It is crucial to investigate potential underlying causes of sudden neurological deficit in the Emergency Department (ED) to enhance better recognition and proper care. CASE REPORT A 63-year-old man presented to the ED with left-sided weakness and headache of a 2-week duration. Ischemic stroke was preliminarily diagnosis in the ED. Brain computed tomography (CT) showed an abnormality in the right parietal lobe. A chest X-ray showed right lung opacity, suggesting a mass in the right upper lobe of the lung. Subsequently, malignancy was suspected. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed lesions in the right temporal and right parietal region. CT scans of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis were ordered to identify the primary source of malignancy. Multiple nodules within the lungs and liver were found; a biopsy was taken from the nodules and sent to the Pathology Laboratory. Final impression made after the results was primary lung adenocarcinoma with brain and liver metastasis. The patient was referred to Palliative Care team by the Oncology team after malignancy workup to get the proper attention. CONCLUSIONS A hypodense area in CT/MRI with unilateral weakness and headache does not necessarily mean that there is an underlying stroke. However, it can represent brain metastasis. In this case report, we aim to increase awareness that hypodensity in the brain could represent brain metastasis, not necessarily simple ischemic stroke. Therefore, further workup should be done to avoid missed diagnoses, as the approach is different.', 'Symptomatic pituitary metastases are uncommon and have been reported mainly in autopsy series. Although all types of malignancies can metastasize to the pituitary gland, a review of the literature has indicated that lung and breast carcinomas are the most frequent primary tumors while hepatocellular carcinoma metastasis has only recently been described. A 59-year-old man with abdominal pain and fever was admitted to our hospital. Hepatosplenomegaly was present without signs of ascites. Laboratory tests showed only abnormal hepatic biochemistry while the radiological studies revealed a solid mass occupying the left hepatic lobe. The patient underwent excision of the left hepatic lobe and was closely followed-up. Six months later he readmitted with headache and visual disturbances. MRI revealed a solid mass in the sella region pressing the optic chiasma. Transsphenoidal excision of the pituitary mass was followed and the histological examination of the tumor was compatible with hepatocellular carcinoma. Symptomatic pituitary metastases are uncommon and may be difficult to differentiate from pituitary adenomas. The present case emphasizes on the capricious nature of hepatocellular carcinoma and on the importance of the individualized therapeutic approach.']}
{'id': 116, 'question': 'A 25-year-old woman who wishes to become pregnant and wants to know what treatment she should take during the eventual pregnancy, as she is a heterozygous factor V Leiden carrier. She has never had any thrombotic phenomena. The determination of this factor was performed as a family study after an episode of pulmonary embolism in a sibling. What treatment should be advised?', 'options': {'1': 'Since pregnancy is a prothrombotic state, there would be a high risk of venous thromboembolism, so pregnancy should be discouraged.', '2': 'Treatment with low molecular weight heparin at prophylactic doses should be carried out in the immediate puerperium, with optional follow-up during pregnancy.', '3': 'Factor V Leiden in heterozygosis is a low-risk thrombophilia and there is no need for any treatment in pregnancy and puerperium.', '4': 'Low-dose aspirin should be advised during pregnancy and puerperium.', '5': 'Treatment with antivitamin K drugs (acenocoumarol) during pregnancy.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["Venous thrombosis affecting thrombocytopenic patients is challenging. We report the case of a woman affected by deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in a thrombocytopenic context leading to the discovery of a heterozygous mutation in the gene encoding ankyrin repeat domain 26 (ANKRD26) associated with a heterozygous factor V (FV) Leiden mutation. This woman was diagnosed with lower-limb deep vein thrombosis complicated by pulmonary embolism. Severe thrombocytopenia was observed. The genetic study evidenced a heterozygous FV Leiden mutation. Molecular study sequencing was performed after learning that her family had a history of thrombocytopenia. Previously described heterozygous mutation c-127C&gt;A in the 5'untranslated region (5'UTR) of the ANKRD26 gene was detected in the patient, her aunt, and her grandmother. ANKRD26-related thrombocytopenia and thrombosis are rare. This is, to our knowledge, the first case reported in the medical literature. This mutation should be screened in patients with a family history of thrombocytopenia.", "We present the case of a girl aged 17 years and 10 months who has a strong family history of long QT syndrome and genetic testing confirming the diagnosis of long QT syndrome in the patient also. She was initially medically treated with β-blocker therapy; however, after suffering 1 episode of syncope during exertion, she underwent placement of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator. Since then, she has never had syncope. However, during the few months before this presentation, she experienced shocks on multiple occasions without any underlying arrhythmias. These shocks are disconcerting for her, and she is having significant anxiety about them. She requests the defibrillator to be inactivated. However, her mother, who also shares the diagnosis of long QT syndrome, disagrees and wants the defibrillator to remain active. The ethics team is consulted in this setting of disagreement between an adolescent, who is 2 months shy of the age of maturity and medical decision-making, and her mother, who is currently responsible for her medical decisions. The question for the consultation is whether it would be ethically permissible for the doctors to comply with the patient's request to turn off the defibrillator or whether the doctors should follow the mother's wishes until the patient is 18 years of age.", 'A Case of delivery in a 23-year-old woman after a prophylactic infusion of DDAVP is described. She had a life-long history of easy bruising and frequent epistaxis, with the diagnosis of vWD being made when she was 14 years old. A hemostatic examination showed a prolonged bleeding time, a moderate reduction in the factor VIII level (VIII: C) and von Willebrand Factor Antigen (vWF: Ag), decreased platelet aggregation by ristocetin, and depletion of platelet retention. In April, 1988, in the 34th week of pregnancy, she was admitted to our clinic in order to avoid abnormal bleeding during labor. On admission, the level of factor VIII, ristocetin aggregation, and platelet retention were normal, but the bleeding time remained prolonged. The diagnosis of vWD type I was made on the normal multimeric structure. The DDAVP infusion test revealed a shortening of the bleeding time and an increase in the vWF: Ag. In the 41st week of pregnancy, labor was induced, accompanied by infusion of DDAVP, she gave birth to an infant without any abnormal bleeding. Since conventional treatments with human plasma derivatives may cause complicating viral infections, we propose the infusion of DDAVP is one of the treatments to prevent the abnormal bleeding of the patient with vWD during labor.', 'Investigators speculate that hereditary thrombotic disease coupled with acquired factors account for a large number of pulmonary thromboemboli. Clinical correlation between genetic and acquired factors with fatal pulmonary thromboemboli has not been extensively studied. Archival autopsy material was obtained from patients who died of or with pulmonary emboli for whom confirmed autopsy results were available. Polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis was performed for factor V Leiden and factor II/20210A allele. Retrospective chart review was performed to determine the presence or absence of acquired factors that can predispose to pulmonary thromboemboli. Two of 36 patients (5.5%) were heterozygous for factor V Leiden. No patients had detected abnormalities for factor II/20210A allele. Eight patients (22.2%) had a malignancy present, one of whom was heterozygous for factor V Leiden. Fourteen patients (38.8%) had recent major surgery or were immobilized. The incidence of factor V Leiden and factor II/20210A allele in patients with fatal pulmonary thromboemboli is not greater than published results of the incidence of these factors in the general population. Recognized acquired factors such as malignancy, recent surgery, and immobilization are frequently present in these patients. Our results suggest that genetic profiling of thrombotic disease will not replace clinical vigilance in reducing the risk for death from pulmonary thromboemboli.', 'Infliximab (IFX) is a chimeric monoclonal antibody biologic drug that works against tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and is used to treat autoimmune diseases. This is case of a 45year old female patient who had suicidal thoughts after receiving infusions with IFX. She did not report any family psychiatric history. She was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis. She had many relapses and she was treated with azathioprine and prednisolone. After many incidents of diarrhea, she started therapy with infliximab infusions. She had totally 13 infusions during a period of 13 months. The last year and in particular during the time of Infliximab intake, she reported suicidal ideation. Due to lack of improvement in her physical symptoms, she voluntarily discontinued medication and resorted to a nutritionist and a mental health counselor, where she followed cognitive and behavioral interventions. Treatment of autoimmune disorders with infliximab raise an awareness among medical and paramedical staff involved in the care of these patients about the psychiatric side effects of the drug.']}
{'id': 473, 'question': 'The most likely diagnosis of a 74-year-old patient who since two months ago begins with lumbar pain radiating to lower limbs, neurogenic claudication and limitation to extension the trunk is:', 'options': {'1': 'L4-L5 disc herniation.', '2': 'Lumbar vertebral fracture.', '3': 'L5-S1 vertebral instability.', '4': 'Lumbar canal stenosis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ["Low back pain resulting from lumbar disc herniation is a common reason for referral for physical therapy. There is no evidence to support the management of lumbar disc herniation and derangement using mechanical traction combined with lumbar extension exercises. Therefore, the purpose of this case report was to describe and discuss the use of mechanical traction in conjunction with lumbar extension exercises for a patient with a lumbar herniated disc. The patient was a 49-year-old male referred to physical therapy with a medical diagnosis of a lumbar herniated disc at L5-S1 with compression of the L5 nerve root confirmed by MRI. The patient's chief complaint was pain over the left lumbosacral and central lumbar region with radiating pain into the left buttock accompanied by numbness and tingling in the left lower leg and foot. The patient was seen for a total of 14 visits. The first 5 days (2 weeks) of therapy consisted of lumbar extension exercises. For the following nine visits (over a 3-week period), mechanical traction was added as an adjunct to the extension exercises. Outcome measures included the Oswestry Disability Questionnaire, Back Pain Function Scale (BPFS), and the Numeric Pain Rating Scale (NPRS). Results from initial evaluation to discharge (Oswestry: 36% to 0%; BPFS: 33/60 to 57/60; NPRS: 7/10 to 0/10) demonstrated that the patient no longer experienced low back pain and improved in terms of functional status and pain-related disability. The patient no longer complained of numbness and tingling in the left lower extremity and the goals for the patient had been attained. The data from this case report suggests lumbar extension exercises in conjunction with mechanical traction facilitated the patient's improvement in pain and return to prior level of function.", 'Intradural lumbar disc herniation (ILDH) is special type of lumbar disc herniation in which the lumbar nucleus pulposus prolapses and enters the dura mater. ILDHs comprise 0.04-0.33% of all herniated discs. In most cases, the diagnosis could not be confirmed preoperatively by identifying the typical features of ILDH in radiological evaluation. In the current report, we present a case of ILDH at lumbar 2/3 level and discuss the clinical presentations, typical imaging features, treatments, and outcomes. We describe a rare case of ILDH. The patient was a 65-year-old man with pain in waist and back, and with bilateral radiating pain of lower extremities and fatigue for more than 2 weeks. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a large round, low-density mass at lumbar 2/3, which was easily mimicked as an intradural spinal tumor lesion. While enhanced MRI showed the typical rim enhancement sign and "Hawk beak" sign. Due to progressive decrease in muscle strength in both lower limbs, posterior microscopically assisted laminectomy, dural incision of the lumbar 2/3 was performed. Pathological examination revealed degenerated fibrous connective tissue and cartilage tissue. The patient\'s lower back pain and radiating pain and numbness of both legs improved remarkably postoperatively, and he became asymptomatic at 3 months and 1-year postoperatively. ILDH is a rare intervertebral disc herniation in clinical practice. The pathogenesis of ILDH may be related to aseptic inflammatory edema, closely fixing of ventral dura and the posterior longitudinal ligament, repeated mechanical action and chemical corrosion. Typical rim enhancement sign, "Hawk beak" sign and "Y" sign are important features of MRI in diagnosing ILDH, and intraspinal gas is also helpful in computed tomography (CT) diagnosis of ILDH. Prompt microscopically assisted laminectomy, dura mater incision to remove the intradural disc, pedicle screw fixation regardless of fusion, surgical results are usually favorable. We also reviewed the literature and discussed the epidemiology, potential pathogenesis, diagnosis, treatment and poor prognostic factors of ILDH.', 'Lumbar disc herniation is extremely uncommon in children below 10 years of age. A 7-year-old boy is reported who presented with low back pain and left leg radiating pain. The pain started seven days prior to presentation and was attributed to performing the jumping kick without any previous warm-up. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed a posterolateral disc herniation at the L3-4 level and multiple degenerative changes. The patient received conservative treatment including limitation of sports activities, anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxant medications as well as physical therapy. After three months of the aggressive treatment the child was symptom free. We present here a lumbar disc herniation in one of the youngest patient.', 'The objective of this study was to evaluate and compare lumbar paraspinal muscle activity during trunk extension exercises on two lumbar extension machines with different types of pelvic stabilization mechanisms. Thirteen healthy male (n = 9) and female (n = 4) volunteers aged 21-24 (22.6 +/- 1.4) were recruited in a university setting. Surface electromyographic activity was recorded bilaterally from the L3-4 paraspinal region during trunk extension exercises performed on two different exercise machines. One machine, the MedX, has a complex pelvic stabilization mechanism. The other machine, the Cybex, has a relatively simple pelvic stabilization mechanism. There was no significant difference between lumbar paraspinal electromyographic activity during trunk extension on the MedX compared to the Cybex dynamic variable resistance trunk extension machine. These results suggest that a complex pelvic stabilization mechanism does not significantly enhance the level of activation of the lumbar paraspinal muscles during lumbar extension exercises. Thus, a less expensive trunk extension machine with a less sophisticated pelvic stabilization mechanism, such as the Cybex, can be used to train the lumbar paraspinal muscles. This is important to rehabilitation clinicians because these machines are often more readily available and easier for patients to use. Further research is warranted to determine the applicability of these findings to a patient population.', 'Lumbar disc disease occurs mainly in the adult population. A disc prolapse in the paediatric population is very rare. Cauda equine syndrome resulting from compression of the cauda equina is a rare syndrome and is one of the few spinal surgical emergencies. Here we present a 13-year-old boy with pain in the lumbar region radiating bilaterally to the lower limbs, with asymmetrical weakness of lower the limbs, perianal hypoaesthesia and urinary retention. MRI of lumbar spine confirmed disc protrusion at the L3-L4 level with severe spinal canal stenosis. Patient was treated with microdiscectomy at the L3-L4 level. Postoperatively, his neurological deficit disappeared gradually. Although very rare, lumbar disc prolapse in the paediatric age group can lead to cauda equina syndrome. Early diagnosis and treatment can prevent life-long disability.']}
{'id': 34, 'question': 'A 51-year-old woman comes to the emergency department with a sudden decrease in visual acuity, severe headache, nausea and vomiting. Hypotensive and afebrile. She presented right ophthalmoparesis due to involvement of the third cranial nerve. A cranial CT scan shows a mass in the hyperdense selar region with erosion of the anterior clinoid processes. What is the best approach to follow?', 'options': {'1': 'Suspect chemical meningitis derived from a ruptured epidermoid tumor and start immediate treatment with corticosteroids.', '2': 'It would indicate the performance of a cerebral angiography to rule out an aneurysm, since it is most likely that we are facing a case of subarachnoid hemorrhage and the mass that is evident in the CT is a thrombosed parasellar aneurysm.', '3': 'Admission to ICU and treatment of the shock suffered by the patient and once stabilized perform brain MRI for scheduled surgery.', '4': 'Urgent biochemistry and hemogram, initiation of high-dose corticosteroid therapy and urgent transsphenoidal surgery.', '5': 'Lumbar puncture to rule out bacterial meningitis after starting empirical antibiotherapy. Once the patient was stabilized, study of the selar mass.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ["We observed a 42-year-old woman presenting with severe dysphagia secondary to paralysis of the lower cranial nerves and right phrenic nerve involvement, followed by respiratory failure. An EMG confirmed bilateral denervation of the 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th cranial nerves and right phrenic nerve. Videolaryngoscopy showed bilateral vocal fold immobility. Anemia, elevated ESR, microhematuria and C-ANCA (PR-3) antibodies were detected. Brain MRI and CSF were normal. A chest CT showed bilateral, irregular pulmonary lesions. An 18F-FDG total body scan showed diffuse hypermetabolic regions in both pulmonary bases, in the mediastinic region and in the rhinopharynx, raising the suspicion of a neoplastic process. A transthoracic biopsy disclosed nodular granulomatous aggregates with multinucleated giant cells, supporting the diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis. Immunosuppressive therapy achieved complete clinical resolution and cleared the pulmonary lesions. To the best of our knowledge this is the first report of Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with neurogenic dysphagia due to lower cranial nerve palsy.", 'On 7 July 1993, a 61 year-old female presented a seven-day history of double vision and retro-ocular pain. Neurological examination on admission demonstrated right oculomotor palsy and pain in the right frontal nerve. Routine CT scan and MRI disclosed no abnormalities. Her symptoms deteriorated progressively and increased in severity, resulting in complete ptosis and visual disturbance in the right eye, for which she was hospitalized. Angiography also failed to demonstrate any lesion. Herrical CT scan demonstrated a small mass lesion at the right orbital apex. A frontotemporal extradural approach operation was performed on July 6, 1993. The anterior clinoid process and minor wing of the sphenoid were drilled to expose the optic canal and the superior orbital fissure. When the periorbita just beside the optic sheath was opened, a large vein was observed to be impinging on the optic nerve and nerves which pass through the superior orbital fissure. This vein was carefully dissected, coagulated and removed. The postoperative course was uneventful. Her severe retro-ocular pain completely disappeared immediately after the operation. Although complete remission of ptosis and return of eye movements to normal were noted, her visual acuity is at present limited to hand movement. Orbital varix is a common cause of unilateral intermittent proptosis. However, there has been no report in the literature of orbital varix with orbital apex syndrome as the initial clinical appearance. In this type of patient with orbital varix and retrobulbar hemorrhage or impairment of intraorbital nerves, surgical intervention using a transcranial approach to the lesion should be undertaken.', 'Hydatid disease is a parasitic infection affecting the brain in about 2% of the cases. Brain involvement is most commonly observed in children. Here, we report a 13-year-old male patient who presented with headache, nausea, and vomiting. Before cranial computed tomography (CT) was performed, the patient had generalized epileptic seizures. He was disoriented, and had anisocoria with dilatation of the right pupilla. CT showed a cystic lesion of 10-cm diameter in the right temporoparietal region that had caused a shift of the midline structures to the contralateral side; an urgent operation was performed as there were signs of midbrain herniation. ', 'Pituitary apoplexy is defined as a sudden neurologic deficit owing to infarction or hemorrhage within the pituitary gland. We report a rare case of apoplexy manifesting with cerebral infarction due to direct compression of the internal carotid artery (ICA) and review the literature. A 31-year-old man presented with sudden-onset headache, right hemiparesis, decreased left monocular visual acuity, and a nasal visual field deficit of the left eye. Computed tomography angiography revealed evidence of a hyperdense sellar/suprasellar mass with stenosis of the cavernous and supraclinoid segments of the ICAs bilaterally. Magnetic resonance angiography performed the following day showed complete occlusion of the left cervical ICA and cystic changes of the sellar and suprasellar mass suggestive of pituitary hemorrhage. The patient underwent urgent endoscopic endonasal decompression of the mass, and postoperative digital subtraction angiography demonstrated restored flow within the left cervical ICA. Of 29 previously published cases of cerebral infarction due to pituitary apoplexy, the majority of cases were related to direct ICA compression. Vascular compression is associated with a high rate of mortality (24%) and should be treated urgently by surgical decompression in cases of severe or progressive neurologic symptoms.', 'Report of a 33-year-old woman who had sudden vision problems and homonymous hemianopia on the left. A cranial computed tomography (CCT) was carried out in a radiologic practice. A native homogeneous, smooth-edged hyperdense intracerebral mass of about 5.5 cm diameter on the right parietooccipital region with density values of +50 HU was found. Only a small proportion of about 2 cm diameter was more hyperdense with density values of +65 HU. Following intravenous administration of contrast medium, a patchy increase in density of about 1 cm was seen. The mass had only a thin hypodense rim. The patient was informed that she had a tumor. Three days later, magnetic resonance imaging was to be done for further evaluation. After the patient had returned home, she had headaches, nausea and vomiting in the evening. At night, she was admitted to a hospital as emergency case. With further increase of intracranial pressure, a craniotomy was done and a hemorrhage was removed. Histologically, a bleeding of a cavernous hemangioma was found. The patient appealed to the fact-finding board for medical liability questions because she had not been admitted to a hospital immediately after the CCT. Therefore, surgery was done delayed. The board found that the behavior of the radiologist was wrong. However, it cannot be proven that this medical malpractice is of importance for the existing postoperative complaints.']}
{'id': 343, 'question': 'A 24-year-old woman, primigestation, suffers a spontaneous abortion at 7 weeks gestation. The anatomopathological study of the abortive remains indicates molar disease. We should inform you that:', 'options': {'1': 'The risk of a new molar gestation in a future pregnancy is 50%.', '2': 'You should not become pregnant until periodic controls and have spent one year with negative BHCG levels.', '3': 'Subsequent controls are not necessary if the evacuation of the trophoblastic tissue was complete.', '4': 'It is necessary to perform periodic controls since 40% of the cases will develop a gestational trophoblastic neoplasia.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Solitary fibrous tumor (SFT) is a rare, usually benign tumor Most cases occur on the pleura, being less frequent at other serosal sites. We present a case of a large retroperitoneal tumor with no accompanying clinical symptoms, which was detected due to apparent abdominal asymmetry in a 24-year-old woman at 16 weeks of gestation. The MRI scan taken at 20 weeks demonstrated a retroperitoneal mass measuring 25 cm in length. The tumor was surgically removed at 24 weeks of gestation. The final diagnosis was established on the basis of the anatomopathological examination supplemented by immunohistochemical phenotyping.', 'Though the risk of abortion after amniocentesis in singleton pregnancies is well known, that for twin pregnancies is still unclear. A retrospective study was performed during December 1985 to May 1989 on all twin pregnancies that had undergone an amniocentesis, because of advanced maternal age. Out of the 33 patients aged greater than or equal to 35 years with viable and sonographically normal foetuses at the time of amniocentesis, three aborted spontaneously within 28 weeks of gestation, representing a risk of abortion after amniocentesis of 9.1%; using a cut-off at 20 weeks of gestation, only two patients aborted, giving a risk figure of 6.1%. This is 3.6 times higher than in singleton pregnancies (1.7%). However, to evaluate the procedure-related risk of amniocentesis, the age-dependent spontaneous abortion risk in twin pregnancies has to be considered. Accepting a spontaneous abortion risk of 4.5% after 16 weeks of gestation we have to calculate an amniocentesis-dependent risk of 1.6% up to the 20th week of gestation. It is essential, that the obviously higher genetic risk in twin pregnancies and the risk of procedure should be discussed carefully, before a patient with a twin pregnancy is advised to undergo genetic amniocentesis.', "The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the vaginal self-administration of 600 microg misoprostol up to a maximum administration of three doses in a 24-h period, one every 8 h, for abortion up to 9 weeks' gestation. A group of 90 voluntary women with gestations from 35 to 63 days participated in the study. All women who aborted received a single additional dose of 600 microg misoprostol. Outcome measures included successful abortion (complete abortion without requiring surgical procedure) and side-effects. Complete abortion occurred in 57/89 (64%, 95% confidence interval 53-74%) subjects. The mean expulsion time was 7.4 +/- 3.8 h (median 7.2 h, range 3-20 h) for all women who aborted within the first 24 h of the administration of misoprostol. Thirty-two cases failed to abort, 28 cases due to failure of the method, of which 24 had a negative cardiac rhythm after the third dose, and four cases due to the doctor's decision. The results obtained in this study led us to the conclusion that the 600-microg misoprostol dose regimen was not adequate to produce a high or an acceptable abortive efficacy.", "To detect omphalocele and associated anomalies at ultrasonography (US) early in pregnancy and to describe the outcomes in fetuses with isolated and nonisolated omphalocele. Fetal endovaginal US was performed in 43,896 pregnant women at 12-16 weeks gestation. The women found to have fetal omphalocele were offered an amniocentesis to determine the fetal karyotype. For parents who decided to continue the pregnancy, repeat targeted transabdominal fetal US was performed at 20-24 weeks gestation. Additional follow-up US examinations performed until delivery were recommended. Postnatal pediatric examinations were performed in all of these fetuses. For the pregnancies in which no anomaly was detected at early US, the women were advised to undergo repeat US at about 24 weeks gestation for the detection of late-manifesting fetal anomalies. For pregnancies in which the baby was not delivered at the authors' affiliated hospital, the woman, her obstetrician, and her pediatrician were asked to inform the authors of any detected anomaly. Omphalocele was visualized at US in 38 fetuses, who were categorized into two groups. One group consisted of 22 (58%) fetuses with associated structural anomalies. According to the karyotype determined for 18 of these fetuses, 11 of them also had chromosomal anomalies. The pregnancy was terminated at the parents' request in 19 of these 22 cases. There were two cases of missed abortion, and a small omphalocele in one fetus disappeared at 21 weeks gestation. The second group consisted of 16 (42%) fetuses with a normal karyotype and an omphalocele as an isolated US finding. In eight of these fetuses, the omphalocele disappeared at 20-24 weeks gestation and no defect was seen at delivery. In six other fetuses, omphalocele was identified at delivery. There was one case each of missed abortion and pregnancy termination. There were no false-negative diagnoses of omphalocele. Isolated omphalocele diagnosed during the early stages of gestation typically has a good prognosis. In cases of a small defect, the anomaly may disappear later in the pregnancy.", 'We investigated the capacity of first trimester peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) microRNA to determine risk of spontaneous preterm birth among pregnant women. The study included 39 pregnant women with the following delivery outcomes: 25 with a full term delivery (38-42 weeks gestation) 14 with spontaneous preterm birth (&lt;38 weeks gestation). Of the 14 women experiencing spontaneous preterm birth, 7 delivered at 34-&lt;38 weeks gestation (late preterm) and 7 delivered at &lt;34 weeks gestation (early preterm). Samples were collected at a mean of 7.9±3.0 weeks gestation. Quantitative rtPCR was performed on 30 selected microRNAs. MicroRNA Risk Scores were calculated and Area-Under the Curve-Receiver-Operational-Characteristic (AUC-ROC) curves derived. The AUC-ROC for the group delivering preterm (&lt;38 weeks) was 0.95 (p&gt;0.0001). The AUC-ROC for early preterm group (&lt;34 weeks) was 0.98 (p&lt;0.0001) and the AUC-ROC for the late preterm group (34-&lt;38 weeks) was 0.92 (p&lt;0.0001). Quantification of first trimester peripheral blood PBMC MicroRNA may provide sensitive and specific prediction of spontaneous preterm birth in pregnant women. Larger studies are needed for confirmation.']}
{'id': 210, 'question': 'A 27-year-old woman, 10 weeks pregnant, with persistent severe allergic asthma. She is currently adequately controlled with daily inhaled budesonide and rescue inhaled salbutamol on demand. She comes to your office concerned about the possible teratogenic effects of her anti-asthma medication. Which of the following would be the correct approach?', 'options': {'1': 'Given that asthma improves during pregnancy in most patients, the best thing for the patient and the fetus is to suspend anti-asthma treatment.', '2': 'Discontinue budesonide because it has been associated with an increased risk of fetal malformations and replace it with an oral anti-leukotriene (montelukast).', '3': 'Withdraw current treatment and replace it with oral prednisone at the lowest possible dose.', '4': 'Maintain the current treatment and reassure the patient about its side effects and the need for adequate asthma control during pregnancy.', '5': 'Replace budesonide with an anti-IgE monoclonal antibody (omalizumab) because of its greater safety in pregnancy since it is not a drug.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Asthma is a chronic inflammatory airways disease associated with reversible airflow obstruction and bronchial hyperresponsiveness. Asthma is prevalent worldwide and results in significant morbidity, mortality, and healthcare costs, the majority of which arise from those with severe disease. Omalizumab is a monoclonal antibody to immunoglobulin E (IgE) that has been developed for the treatment of severe persistent allergic (IgE mediated) asthma. The aim of this review is to evaluate the available clinical evidence on omalizumab to determine the role it has to play in the treatment of persistent allergic asthma. There is clear evidence to show that omalizumab is effective in reducing the rate of asthma exacerbations, inhaled corticosteroid dose, and the need for rescue medication in patients with allergic asthma. Clinical data indicate beneficial effects on patient-reported symptoms and perceived quality of life, as well as a reduction in unscheduled healthcare visits. There is little evidence to suggest omalizumab may enhance lung function or reduce the requirement for oral corticosteroids. Omalizumab has a favorable safety profile, although anaphylaxis has occurred. A study in children showed similar results to those achieved in adults and adolescents, with fewer asthma exacerbations and school days missed. Omalizumab may be cost effective in patients when used as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta(2) agonists (LABA). Omalizumab is an effective add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids and LABAs in adults and adolescents with severe persistent allergic asthma. Currently there is insufficient evidence to support the use of omalizumab in children.', 'Asthma is now widely recognized as a chronic inflammatory condition of the airways that requires early pharmacological treatment and long-term management. Anti-inflammatory agents, particularly inhaled corticosteroids, are currently the most effective long-term preventative medication. Moreover, early intervention with inhaled corticosteroids plays an important role in airway remodelling. Despite significant advances in the understanding of asthma and its pharmacological management, the prevalence of asthma in children, teenagers and young adults is on the increase. For patients whose asthma is not fully controlled with daily inhaled corticosteroid therapy, national guidelines advocate the addition of long-acting inhaled beta2-agonist therapy, rather than an increase in dose of inhaled corticosteroids, for the treatment of persistent childhood asthma. However, adherence to treatment with asthma medication declines as the regimen becomes more complicated. Adherence to therapy and therapy convenience are key to the successful pharmacological management of asthma, particularly in children. The administration of prescribed medication via a single inhaler offers a convenient treatment regimen that has the potential to improve adherence to treatment. This paper presents data to show that the combined administration of budesonide and formoterol via a single inhaler (Symbicort Turbuhaler) is effective and well tolerated in the treatment of asthma in children.', 'All currently available inhaled corticosteroids reach the systemic circulation and have the potential to produce adverse effects with long term use. This risk is often assessed by measuring the effect of different inhaled corticosteroids on the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in healthy subjects. Absorption of fluticasone propionate and its effects on the HPA axis are greater in healthy subjects than in subjects with moderately severe asthma, but we have failed to show any difference in morning budesonide plasma levels or systemic effects between healthy and asthmatic subjects following inhalation of budesonide. To provide more information on the absorption of fluticasone propionate and budesonide, we have compared the plasma levels of both drugs over 8 hours in healthy and asthmatic subjects. The area under the plasma concentration-time curves (AUC) and the maximum concentration (Cmax) of fluticasone propionate and budesonide after a single inhaled dose of each drug were compared in 12 healthy control subjects and 12 subjects with moderately severe asthma. Peak plasma levels of budesonide occurred much earlier and were approximately 20-fold higher than those of fluticasone propionate in both healthy and asthmatic subjects. The AUC and Cmax for fluticasone propionate were lower by 307 (95% CI 62 to 522) pg/ml/h or 43% (p=0.02) and 52 (95% CI -11 to 115) pg/ml or 39% (p=0.1) in subjects with asthma compared with healthy control subjects. In contrast, the AUC and Cmax for budesonide were almost identical between the two groups (mean differences 826 (95% CI -1493 to 3143) pg/ml/h (p=0.5) and 157 (95% CI -1026 to 1339) pg/ml (p=0.8). Following inhalation, healthy subjects have higher plasma levels of fluticasone propionate than subjects with asthma whereas budesonide plasma levels are similar in the two groups of subjects. Comparing the systemic effects of budesonide and fluticasone propionate in healthy subjects is unlikely to be relevant to subjects with asthma.', 'Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) affect many inflammatory pathways in asthma but have little impact on cysteinyl leukotrienes. This may partly explain persistent airway inflammation during chronic ICS treatment and failure to achieve adequate asthma control in some patients. This double blind, randomised, parallel group, non-inferiority, multicentre 16 week study compared the clinical benefits of adding montelukast to budesonide with doubling the budesonide dose in adults with asthma. After a 1 month single blind run in period, patients inadequately controlled on inhaled budesonide (800 microg/day) were randomised to receive montelukast 10 mg + inhaled budesonide 800 microg/day (n=448) or budesonide 1600 microg/day (n=441) for 12 weeks. Both groups showed progressive improvement in several measures of asthma control compared with baseline. Mean morning peak expiratory flow (AM PEF) improved similarly in the last 10 weeks of treatment compared with baseline in both the montelukast + budesonide group and in the double dose budesonide group (33.5 v 30.1 l/min). During days 1-3 after start of treatment, the change in AM PEF from baseline was significantly greater in the montelukast + budesonide group than in the double dose budesonide group (20.1 v 9.6 l/min, p&lt;0.001), indicating faster onset of action in the montelukast group. Both groups showed similar improvements with respect to "as needed" beta agonist use, mean daytime symptom score, nocturnal awakenings, exacerbations, asthma free days, peripheral eosinophil counts, and asthma specific quality of life. Both montelukast + budesonide and double dose budesonide were generally well tolerated. The addition of montelukast to inhaled budesonide is an effective and well tolerated alternative to doubling the dose of inhaled budesonide in adult asthma patients experiencing symptoms and inadequate control on budesonide alone.', 'The responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroid varies among individual asthmatic patients. It is not known, however, whether the effects of corticosteroids on one bodily tissue reflect the response in another in a given individual. The aim was to a assess whether skin vasoconstrictor assay might predict airway and systemic tissue responsiveness to inhaled budesonide in patients with asthma. Twenty-two patients with mild to moderate persistent asthma previously enrolled in a dose-response study assessing the effects of inhaled budesonide on airway bronchial challenge testing, exhaled nitric oxide and blood cortisol and eosinophil count were recalled for assessment of vasoconstrictor response to topical budesonide. The MacKenzie vasoconstrictor assay was performed by applying tenfold dilutions from 10(-2) g/ml to 10(-8) g/ml budesonide and visually assessing the degree of skin blanching after 18 h at each concentration. There was a significant overall dose-response effect for the degree of skin blanching at each concentration. There was no significant correlation between the effects on the skin and measures of anti-asthmatic efficacy or systemic effect after 3 weeks of 400 microg/day inhaled budesonide. There was a significant correlation with the overall dose-cutaneous response effect versus the overall dose-response effect with adenosine monophosphate (r=-0.53) but not methacholine bronchial challenge testing or serum cortisol. It may not be possible to use the McKenzie vasoconstrictor assay to predict which patients are most or least susceptible to inhaled corticosteroids for anti-asthmatic efficacy or systemic adverse effects.']}
{'id': 187, 'question': 'A 52-year-old woman from a village on the Costa Brava notices an otherwise asymptomatic lump in the anterior region when applying cream to her neck; she goes to her general practitioner who confirms the presence of a firm, smooth mass, 2 cm in maximum diameter, which rises with swallowing. No palpable lymphadenopathy. What tests would you order at the outset?', 'options': {'1': 'A determination of thyroglobulin in blood.', '2': 'A cervical CT scan.', '3': 'A determination of circulating antithyroid antibodies (antithyroglubulin and antiperoxidase).', '4': 'A fine needle puncture.', '5': 'A determination of free T3.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['A 42-year-old woman presenting to an academic medical center with low back pain radiating down her left leg was deemed to be a good candidate for a lumbar epidural steroid injection after undergoing a thorough evaluation. The procedure along with all the possible attendant side effects were thoroughly explained to the patient who readily signed the consent form. The patient was prepped and positioned, but, upon seeing that a resident rather than her attending doctor would be doing the procedure, she objected, insisting that the attending do the procedure. The attending explained that she was in a teaching hospital, where residents commonly do procedures under close supervision of attending physicians. Nevertheless, the patient still insisted on whom she wanted to do the procedure and became visibly agitated. How do you accommodate the training needs of medical students, residents, and fellows while maintaining adequate care for patients? Does the "see one, do one, teach one" principle commonly practiced in academic settings compromise the bioethical principles of nonmaleficence and beneficence? What should the attending do in this case with the patient on the table? What are the patient\'s rights here versus the needs of the training setting?', 'A 52-year-old woman with advanced non-small cell lung cancer was admitted to our hospital with melena and palpable purpura which appeared on her lower legs. She had been taking gefitinib for about 2 months before admission. A skin biopsy revealed leukocytoclastic vasculitis in the superficial dermis and immunofluorescence also showed the presence of C3 depositions within the blood vessel walls, which led to a diagnosis of Henoch-Schönlein purpura. The purpura gradually improved with topical steroids and bed rest; however, gefitinib had to be discontinued because of a growing papulopustular rash with intense itching, and as a result of the discontinuation, both types of skin lesions resolved. Two months later, she resumed gefitinib treatment since her level of CEA began to rise. Even though the papulopustular rash developed after the readministration of gefitinib, there had been no evidence of Henoch-Schönlein purpura recurrence during 2.5 years follow-up. It has been reported that adult onset Henoch-Schönlein purpura is often associated with malignancy. This case, however, suggests that not only drug eruption but also paraneoplastic vasculitis should be considered in the differential diagnosis of palpable purpura in patients with non-small cell lung cancer receiving treatment with gefitinib.', "KS is a 33-year-old Caucasian married woman who works full time as an accountant and has one daughter who is 2 years old. She enjoys reading and exercising in her spare time. She initially presented in July 2015 at the age of 31 years with a 1-cm breast mass in the left inner breast, which prompted a mammogram to be obtained. The mammogram revealed diffuse and occasionally grouped left breast calcifications. Additionally, there was focal edema at the site of the mass. A follow-up mammogram was recommended to document stability in 6 months, which demonstrated an interval increase in number and size of segmental pleomorphic calcifications in the lower inner breast spanning 6 cm in size. A stereotactic core needle biopsy was completed and revealed high-grade ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) that was estrogen receptor (ER) and progesterone receptor (PR) positive. KS underwent genetic testing due to her young age at diagnosis of noninvasive breast cancer. She was tested with the breast/ovarian cancer panel, which was negative for mutation.She preceded to bilateral nipple-sparing mastectomy with left sentinel node biopsy and immediate implant reconstruction in February 2016. The operative pathology revealed 3.3 cm of high-grade DCIS. The surgical margins were negative (less than 1 mm posteriorly and less than 2 mm anteriorly). There was 1 sentinel node and 2 nonsentinel nodes negative for malignancy. The right breast was negative for cancer and both retro areolar margins were negative.KS did well during the ensuing routine follow-up every 6 to 12 months in surgical oncology at an academic medical center. She was not recommended to take adjuvant endocrine therapy given the benefit of bilateral mastectomy.In 2017, at a routine oncology follow-up visit, she expressed a desire to have more children. After a negative clinical exam, she and her husband were advised that future contraception may be pursued. KS was in her usual state of good health when she noticed a left breast mass in the inferior reconstructed breast in June 2017. She presented to the nurse practitioner (NP) in the surgical oncology clinic for evaluation. At that time, she was 17 weeks pregnant and being seen in the same facility for high-risk obstetrics and gynecology care. KS had no other concerning symptoms for recurrent cancer, and her pregnancy had been progressing smoothly.The surgical oncology NP noted a 1-cm firm superficial mass in the breast at 6 o'clock. She had no other bilateral breast findings or adenopathy. Upon review of systems, she denied new persistent headache, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, weight loss, night sweats, or fatigue.Due to her pregnancy and the superficial presentation of the breast mass, a left breast ultrasound was ordered. It revealed an 8-mm irregular hypoechoic mass 7 cm from the nipple at the 6 o'clock position in the reconstructed breast.A diagnostic workup ensued with a left breast ultrasound-guided core needle biopsy. KS was given a diagnosis of clinical stage T1b, N0, grade 2 invasive micropapillary carcinoma: ER positive (Allred 6), PR positive (Allred 8), HER2/<ineu</i, immunohistochemistry 3+, and fluorescence in situ hybridization amplified.After discussion of this recurrent cancer diagnosis, her team opted for a bilateral diagnostic mammogram (with abdominal shielding) and bilateral axillary and breast ultrasound to evaluate the contralateral breast and lymph nodes. There was no adenopathy, a small amount of accessory breast tissue in the right axillary tail region, and a biopsy clip was noted in the left inferior breast at 6 o'clock. The new cancer was not seen on mammogram, likely due to the proximity to the implant.", "The diagnosis of breast cancer in a 31-year-old woman was delayed, apparently because she did not comply with advice to come for a follow-up appointment after an initial diagnosis of adenofibroma. For this she held her general practitioner (GP) responsible. In the ensuing legal battle the court expert testified that the GP had complied with the appropriate practice guideline. Of particular importance was the fact that breast cancer at her age is very rare. In my view, however, it was erroneous to estimate the probability of cancer based solely on her age, since the a priori probability of cancer in women with a solid breast mass visiting their GP is approximately 10%. Exclusion of malignancy requires the most sensitive diagnostic strategy, unfortunately not applied in this case. The Dutch College of General Practitioners' practice guidelines on diagnostic strategies in breast cancer should be based on a more accurate estimate of breast cancer probability in specified groups and the requirement that the test strategy sufficiently rules out cancer.", 'On November 19, 2011, Norine G. Johnson, the ninth woman to serve as president of the American Psychological Association (APA), lost a valiant battle with cancer. Norine\'s curiosity about her grandmother\'s strength led to much of her later work on the development of strength and resiliency in adolescent girls and in women. She received her doctorate in 1972, with a minor in child development, and she became one of the first to be considered a pediatric psychologist, a newly emerging specialty. Norine became involved in organized psychology as her children got older. When she learned there had not been a woman president of the Massachusetts Psychological Association (MPA) for almost 50 years, she was appalled. An ardent feminist, who had served on MPA\'s Board of Directors, she could not let the situation remain that way. She ran for president and won, serving from 1981 to 1983, and then mentored many women colleagues into the role. MPA sent her to the Council of the APA as one of their representatives, and she immediately ran for a seat on the Finance Committee, later serving as chair of the committee. During her tenure on the Finance Committee, she helped create financial policy that changed APA from an organization whose assets were threatened and shrinking to a financially solid association. Norine considered Division 35 (Psychology of Women) to be her home in APA, a place filled with warmth, collegiality, and shared values. She and Judith Worell spearheaded the extremely important and successful 1993 National Conference on Education and Training in Feminist Practice. Norine was elected to the APA Board of Directors in 1997, where she served with distinction, continuing to focus on the financial well-being of the Association. Not surprisingly, she went from that role to being elected APA president. Her focus as president was on the changes in the health care delivery system in the United States. She was a staunch champion of the biopsychosocial model of health. Under her presidential leadership, the APA Mission Statement was amended to add the word "health," confirming the importance of health to the psychological community. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2012 APA, all rights reserved).']}
{'id': 406, 'question': 'A 67-year-old woman diagnosed with an infiltrating ductal carcinoma of the breast with no family history of neoplasia. What additional studies should be performed on the tumor because of its clinical and therapeutic implications:', 'options': {'1': 'Complete phenotypic study by flow cytometry.', '2': 'Study of hormone receptors and HER2.', '3': 'Study of hormone receptors, ecadherin and study of first degree relatives.', '4': 'BRCA l-2 study and study of first-degree relatives.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['A 54-year-old woman presented a peri-areolar nodule located in the skin of the right breast. Clinical examination showed a 6 x 5 cm exophytic, lobed, ulcerated, and bleeding nodule. The patient reported that the tumor had grown gradually over a period of 3 months. The patient had been diagnosed 8 years prior to presentation with infiltrating ductal carcinoma of the right breast (pT2NO). This tumor was treated with partial mastectomy (conservative surgery) and lymph node dissection, then subsequently received 30 tangent field radiotherapy sessions to the breast for a total dose of 45 Gy. The rest of her cutaneous exam was normal. There was no family history of any similar tumor.', 'Adenoid cystic carcinoma of the breast is an uncommon histologic form of breast cancer, comprising in most series less than 1% of all mammary cancers. Due to the rarity, little information about its presentation on image studies has been noted in the literature. Here we report two additional cases with emphasis on the intriguing image presentations. A 67-year-old woman came to our clinic with the chief complaint of mastodynia. No obvious palpable mass of breast was found on physical examination. Mammography showed a small well-defined nodule in the medial part of the left breast without mammographic evidence of malignancy. Ultrasonography showed a 1.5 cm nodule with well-defined margin and heterogenous echogenicity in the medial part of the left breast. Unusually, a painful sensation was experienced on compression by the probe. The final pathological report was adenoid cystic carcinoma. A 48-year-old woman also came to our clinic with the chief complaint of mastodynia. No obvious palpable mass of breast was found on physical examination. Mammography showed dense mammary tissue with no mammographic evidence of malignancy. Ultrasonography showed two contiguous well-defined nodules with heterogenous echogenicity in the upper, middle part of the left breast. Unusually, a painful sensation was also noted on compression by the probe. Histopathological examination showed typical features of an adenoid cystic carcinoma. Adenoid cystic carcinoma of the breast fails to show the typical appearance of invasive ductal carcinoma on both mammogram and ultrasonography, probably due to its relatively well-defined nature with less surrounding architectural disruption and fibrosis. Hence a "negative" finding or a benign-looking breast lesion on mammography cannot completely exclude the existence of this disease. The presence of a painful breast lesion without obvious inflammatory evidence while compressed is a meaningful clue, which should lead to the suspicion of adenoid cystic carcinoma of the breast.', 'This study investigates whether a positive family history of breast carcinoma is associated with improved survival after invasive breast carcinoma among women ages 21 through 45. Subjects were 733 nonadopted women born after 1944 who were diagnosed with primary invasive breast carcinoma between January 1983 and April 1990 while residing in the metropolitan Seattle area and who provided information on family history of breast carcinoma. Information on clinical characteristics and survival was obtained from a population-based cancer registry. Subjects were followed for survival through 1994. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the relative risk (RR) of dying in relation to family history of breast carcinoma, adjusting for selected clinical characteristics, age and year of diagnosis, and prior mammograms. The risk of dying among women with a first-degree family history of breast carcinoma was half that of women with no family history of breast carcinoma (RR = 0.5%; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.3-0.9). There was no evidence of a reduction in the risk of dying among women with only a second-degree family history of breast carcinoma (RR = 1; 95% CI, 0.6-1.4). These associations were adjusted for age and year of diagnosis, stage of disease, tumor size, bilaterality, and mammogram history. These findings were not further influenced by adjustment for initial treatment or the numbers and ages of relatives at risk for breast carcinoma. Compared with women with neither a first- nor second-degree family history of breast carcinoma, the authors found that women who had a first-degree family history experienced increased survival. This finding did not appear to be attributable to differences in screening or treatment. To the extent that this difference is attributable to underlying biologic mechanisms, new insights into the natural history and treatment of breast carcinoma could result. Future studies should investigate whether specific susceptibility genes are associated with differential survival from breast carcinoma.', 'A 76 year old woman with a previous history of infiltrating ductal carcinoma of right breast (diagnosed and treated 14 years back) presented to us with a non-healing ulcer on the left side of the vulva along with two satellite nodules close to the vulvar lesion. Biopsy showed an infiltrating ductal carcinoma of breast with a strong positivity for estrogen/progesterone receptors. Further, (18)F-FDG PET-CT (Fluoro-deoxy glucose positron emission tomography computed tomography) showed multiple bilateral lung metastases. She responded well to hormone therapy (Letrozole) with decrease in the size of primary vulvar lesion and disappearance of the satellite nodules. Repeating PET-CT at 6 months showed partial response of the lung lesions. The present case is unique in the way of metastatic presentation of breast cancer to vulva after a long gap of primary diagnosis (longest reported till date) and also in unveiling of further metastatic sites in otherwise asymptomatic case. Patients (particularly elderly) with this unusual and clinically isolated pattern of metastasis might remain misdiagnosed for a long period of time and this case report aims to increase the awareness of clinicians toward the same. Gynecological surveillance remains of paramount importance in the follow up of breast cancer.', "We describe a 91-year-old woman with a clinical history of invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast diagnosed in 1991 who was admitted because of dizziness, poor appetite, and some swelling and tenderness over her cheeks. The patient's initial work up revealed a 5-cm well-demarcated hypodense solid lesion in her spleen with abnormally intense uptake on PET/CT scan raising suspicion for malignancy i.e. breast metastasis versus lymphoma. Further review demonstrated the presence of this splenic lesion, though slightly smaller, on a CT scan from ten years earlier (2000). An ultrasonographic guided core needle splenic biopsy was performed and the pathology result revealed histological findings compatible with inflammatory pseudotumor of the spleen. As a result, unnecessary splenectomy was avoided."]}
{'id': 526, 'question': 'An 86-year-old woman in whom nonvalvular atrial fibrillation has been detected. She has a CHADS2 score of 3 points. In the literature, similar patients on warfarin therapy have a stroke risk of 2.2% versus 5.2% in patients without warfarin. What would be the number needed to treat (NNT) to prevent embolic stroke with anticoagulation therapy?', 'options': {'1': '3', '2': '19,2.', '3': '33,3.', '4': '49,5.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Guidelines for anticoagulant therapy in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) conflict with each other. The American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) guidelines suggest no anticoagulant therapy for patients with a CHADS2 score of 0. The European Society of Cardiology (ESC) prefer anticoagulant therapy for patients with a CHA2DS2-VASc of 1, which includes 65-74-year-olds with a CHADS2 score of 0. Resolving this conflicting advice is important, because these guidelines have potential to change anticoagulant therapy in 10 % of the AF population. Using the National Registry of Atrial Fibrillation (NRAF) II data set, we compared these guidelines using stroke equivalents. Based on structured review of 23,657 patient records, we identified 65-74-year-old patients with a CHADS2 stroke score of 0 and no contraindication to warfarin. We used Medicare claims data to ascertain rates of ischemic stroke, intracranial hemorrhage, and other hemorrhage. We calculated net stroke equivalents for these (N = 478) patients using a weight of 1.5 for intracranial hemorrhages (ICH) and 1.0 for ischemic stroke. In a multivariate analysis, we used 14,466 records with documented atrial fibrillation and adjusted for CHADS2 and HEMORR2 HAGES score. In 65-74-year-old patients with a CHADS2 stroke score of 0, the stroke equivalents per 100 patient-years was 2.6 with warfarin and 2.9 without warfarin; the difference between these two strategies was not significant (0.3 stroke equivalents, 95 % CI -3.2 to 3.7). However, rates of hemorrhage per 100 patient-years were nearly tripled (hazard ratio 2.9; 95 % CI 1.5-5.4; p = 0.0011) with warfarin (21.1) versus without it (7.4). The most common site for major hemorrhage was gastrointestinal (ICD-9 code 578.9). By expanding warfarin use to 65--74-year-olds with a CHADS2 score of 0, rates of hemorrhages would rise without a significant reduction in stroke equivalents.', 'In this study, we investigated the stroke mechanism and the factors associated with ischemic stroke in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) who were on optimal oral anticoagulation with warfarin. This was a multicenter case-control study. The cases were consecutive patients with NVAF who developed cerebral infarction or transient ischemic attack (TIA) while on warfarin therapy with an international normalized ratio (INR) ≥2 between January 2007 and December 2011. The controls were patients with NVAF without ischemic stroke who were on warfarin therapy for more than 1 year with a mean INR ≥2 during the same time period. We also determined etiologic mechanisms of stroke in cases. Among 3569 consecutive patients with cerebral infarction or TIA who had NVAF, 55 (1.5%) patients had INR ≥2 at admission. The most common stroke mechanism was cardioembolism (76.0%). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that smoking and history of previous ischemic stroke were independently associated with cases. High CHADS2 score (≥3) or CHA₂DS₂-VASc score (≥5), in particular, with previous ischemic stroke along with ≥1 point of other components of CHADS₂ score or ≥3 points of other components of CHA₂DS₂-VASc score was a significant predictor for development of ischemic stroke. NVAF patients with high CHADS₂/CHA₂DS₂-VASc scores and a previous ischemic stroke or smoking history are at high risk of stroke despite optimal warfarin treatment. Some other measures to reduce the risk of stroke would be necessary in those specific groups of patients.', 'The decision to anticoagulate patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) involves weighting the risk of an embolic event without therapy versus the risk of a hemorrhagic event on therapy. Improved methods of monitoring anticoagulation with the International Normalized Ratio (INR), and recent evidence of the efficacy and safety of low-dose warfarin (INR range 2.0 to 3.0) have clarified the role of anticoagulation in AF. Over the past four years, five large prospective randomized trials in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) have reported substantial reductions in stroke in patients treated with low-dose warfarin therapy. The results of these trials, combined with previous studies, suggest that anticoagulation is the treatment of choice for patients with atrial fibrillation associated with rheumatic valvular disease, prosthetic valve disease, and now NVAF. Although the results of the prospective atrial fibrillation trials are very consistent in regard to the efficacy and safety of anticoagulation, there continues to be uncertainty regarding which subgroups of patients are at highest risk for embolic events. Subgroups that appear to be at high risk include patients with hypertension, previous embolic events, structural heart disease (enlarged left atrial size, previous myocardial infarction, left ventricular dysfunction), and older age. Young patients with no evidence of structural heart disease or hypertension (lone atrial fibrillation) have a low embolic rate and do not warrant anticoagulation. Recent studies suggest that there is little difference in the risk of stroke in patients with paroxysmal or chronic AF, therefore this factor should not have a major impact on therapeutic decisions. Anticoagulation is also recommended for patients undergoing elective cardioversion (recent onset of atrial fibrillation greater than two days in duration), and patients with atrial fibrillation and hyperthyroidism because of studies suggesting a higher rate of embolism if these patients are not anticoagulated. The role of aspirin in AF is less clear as only two of the five prospective trials randomized patients to aspirin therapy and only one documented aspirin benefit. Therefore, aspirin appears to offer less benefit but is a satisfactory alternative to warfarin therapy. Aspirin is currently recommend for patients who are poor candidates for anticoagulation or individuals with AF who are considered to be at low risk for stroke.', 'The benefit of early anticoagulation for stroke prophylaxis in atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery is uncertain. We therefore studied what proportion of ischemic strokes in patients with atrial fibrillation early after CABG surgery were potentially preventable by anticoagulation with warfarin. We reviewed medical records from 2264 patients with isolated CABG performed during a period when our institution had no policy on anticoagulation for postoperative atrial fibrillation. The outcome was ischemic stroke within 30days postoperatively and verified with computed tomography (CT) in patients with new postoperative atrial fibrillation for more than 48h. New, postoperative atrial fibrillation occurred in 403 (17.8%) of the patients and 191 of those (47.4%) were not started on warfarin at 48hours. Eight patients developed CT-verified ischemic stroke, which occurred on postoperative day 1-3 in 4 patients and in 3 patients was of the lacunar type. In two patients (stroke day 25 and day 30) warfarin could have been preventive. In another patient with onset of neurological symptoms on postoperative day 8 (4days from onset of the arrhythmia), systemic anticoagulation might have limited the severity of the stroke but warfarin therapy would not likely have reached therapeutic levels within 2days. The preventive effect of warfarin on early stroke associated with new atrial fibrillation after CABG seems limited. Treatment with warfarin during the hospitalization has to take the risk of bleeding, particularly into the pericardium, as reported in the literature, into account.', 'There has been considerable uncertainty about the best way to prevent stroke in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. Recent studies have suggested that low-dose warfarin therapy, in addition to producing fewer bleeding complications, may be as effective as higher-dose therapy in preventing thromboembolic events. Four large, prospective, randomized trials have examined the risks and benefits of warfarin therapy for stroke prophylaxis in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. All four studies showed a substantially reduced incidence of stroke and a low incidence of significant bleeding in patients treated with warfarin. One of these studies also showed that aspirin reduced the incidence of stroke. The benefits associated with long-term low-dose warfarin therapy appear to exceed the risks for serious bleeding in most patients with atrial fibrillation. Aspirin may be a viable therapeutic option for patients who are unable to take warfarin or for those in subgroups at a low risk for stroke.']}
{'id': 6, 'question': 'A 30-year-old man with a family history of a father who died at 38 years of age from colon cancer. A colonoscopy is performed and shows hundreds of adenomas throughout the colon. Which of the following statements is false?', 'options': {'1': 'The patient has familial adenomatous polyposis.', '2': 'The most appropriate management is annual follow-up colonoscopy and colectomy at age 40.', '3': 'If the patient does not undergo surgical treatment, he/she will almost certainly develop colorectal cancer.', '4': 'First degree relatives should be studied.', '5': "The patient's children have a 50% risk of suffering the same disease."}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["A 64-year-old man was referred to our dermatology clinic with a diagnosis of Muir-Torre syndrome (MTS), he had a history of multiple sebaceous carcinomas and sebaceous adenomas removed over the years. The patient has also had visceral cancer and had undergone a colon resection 17 years before to treat colon cancer and was recently diagnosed with invasive high-grade urothelial carcinoma of the right ureter. In addition, the patient has an extensive family history of cancer; a pedigree was constructed to document this history (Figure 1). Of note is that the patient's mother and father were second cousins. The patient's father was diagnosed with lung cancer at age 57 and died of colon cancer at the age of 72. The patient's mother died of colon cancer at age 74. The patient has three siblings: a sister and two brothers. The sister died of bone cancer at age 42. One brother had a number of cancers including colon, kidney, and skin cancers and died at age 53. His other brother is alive and has a history of colon cancer, kidney cancer, and ureteral cancer. The patient has five children. He has a 40-year-old son who, at the age of 30, was diagnosed with testicular cancer. His daughters are 47, 44, 39, and 34, with no history of malignancy to date. The patient had three maternal aunts, all of whom succumbed to colon cancer, as well as two paternal uncles who died of lung cancer. The patient's maternal grandfather was a smoker and he also died of lung cancer.", 'Muir-Torre syndrome (MTS) is an autosomal dominant genodermatosis characterized by the association of at least 1 cutaneous sebaceous tumor and 1 internal malignancy, often arising in the gastrointestinal tract. It is secondary to germline mutations in DNA mismatch repair genes, mainly MLH-1 and MSH-2. We report the case of a 54-year-old man with a 2-year history of skin-colored papules clinically reminiscent of large sebaceous hyperplasias on the nose and back, but histologically diagnosed as sebaceous adenomas and epitheliomas. His family history was positive for colon cancer in the mother and 2 brothers. A colonoscopy done during the hospitalization revealed 2 sessile polyps in the left colon, both showing a low-grade dysplasia on the biopsy specimen. Immunohistochemical staining performed on the cutaneous and colic biopsy specimens revealed a lack of expression of MSH-2 and MSH-6. Genetic testing revealed microsatellite instability in the colon and cutaneous tumors. The immunohistochemical testing for MSH-2, MSH-6, and MLH-1 is useful for rapid identification of an underlying mismatch repair defect and early diagnosis of MTS.', 'Colonoscopy is widely recommended for colorectal cancer (CRC) screening, but evidence to guide the optimal frequency of repeat screening examination is limited. We examined the duration and magnitude of the risk of developing CRC, following a negative colonoscopy in those at average risk and those with a first-degree family history of CRC. A cohort of Utah residents aged 50-80 years who had a negative colonoscopy between 1 January 2001 and 31 December 2011 was identified using the Utah Population Database. Patients were followed from the time of the index colonoscopy until diagnosis of CRC, death, migration out of state, repeat colonoscopy, or end of the study period. CRC incidence after the index colonoscopy was compared with that of the state population by standardized incidence ratios (SIRs). A cohort of 131,349 individuals at average risk with a negative colonoscopy was identified. Compared with the state population, a negative colonoscopy was associated with SIRs of 0.15 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.08-0.23) at 1 year, 0.26 (95% CI: 0.19-0.32) at 2-5 years, 0.33 (95% CI: 0.22-0.43) at 5-6 years, and 0.60 (95% CI: 0.44-0.76) at 7-10 years for CRC following the index colonoscopy. In a secondary analysis involving only patients with a first-degree relative with CRC, patients had a significantly lower incidence of CRC only for the first 5 years of follow-up (SIR 0.39, 95% CI: 013-0.64). There was also a difference in the risk of proximal (SIR 0.72, 95% CI: 0.45-0.98) and distal (SIR 0.51, 95% CI: 0.30-0.72) colon cancers at 7-10 years following a negative colonoscopy. The risk of developing CRC remains decreased for at least 10 years following the performance of a negative colonoscopy. However, the lower incidence of CRC in those with a family history of CRC differed in magnitude and timing being limited primarily to the first 5 years of follow-up and of lesser magnitude than that in the overall cohort.', 'Although hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a common tumor, direct invasion of the gastrointestinal tract by HCC is uncommon. Recently, we encountered two cases of HCC with direct invasion to the colon. The first patient was a 79-year-old man who underwent transarterial chemo-embolization (TACE) for HCC 1.5 years prior to admission to our hospital. Computed tomography (CT) showed a 7.5-cm liver tumor directly invading the transverse colon. Partial resection of the liver and transverse colon was performed. The patient survived 6 mo after surgery, but died of recurrent HCC. The second patient was a 69-year-old man who underwent TACE and ablation for HCC 2 years and 7 months prior to being admitted to our hospital for melena and abdominal distension. CT revealed a 6-cm liver tumor with direct invasion to the colon. The patient underwent partial resection of the liver and right hemicolectomy. The patient recovered from the surgery. But, unfortunately, he died of liver failure due to liver cirrhosis one month later. Although the prognosis of HCC that has invaded the colon is generally poor due to the advanced stage of the disease, surgical resection may be a favorable treatment option in patients with a good general condition.', 'There is clear evidence of reduced morbidity and mortality from regular colonoscopy programs in patients with Lynch syndrome (LS). Today, also individuals with empirically increased risks of colorectal cancer (CRC) are offered colonoscopic surveillance. The aim was to compare the findings at the first screening colonoscopy in LS carriers, and individuals with an increased risk of bowel cancer due to family history of CRC with a control population. Altogether 1397 individuals with an increased risk for CRC were divided in four risk groups: one with LS carriers and three groups with individuals with different family history of CRC. The findings were compared between the different risk groups and a control group consisting of 745 individuals from a control population who took part in a population-based colonoscopy study. In LS, 30% of the individuals had adenomas and 10% advanced adenomas. The corresponding figures in the other risk groups were 14-24% and 4-7%, compared with 10% and 3% in the control group. The relative risk of having adenomas and advanced adenomas was, compared to controls, significantly higher for all risk groups except the group with the lowest risk. Age was a strong predictor for adenomas and advanced adenomas in both risk individuals and controls. Individuals with a family history of CRC have a high prevalence and cumulative risk of adenomas and advanced adenomas, and screening is motivated also in this risk group.']}
{'id': 573, 'question': "A 75-year-old woman brought for consultation by her family because they have been finding her depressed and with memory lapses for months. They are concerned that she may have Alzheimer's disease. The patient refers that she does not think anything is wrong with her and that she is as usual. In what order do the following symptoms generally occur in the progression of Alzheimer's disease:", 'options': {'1': 'Mood changes, behavioral symptoms, cognitive deficits.', '2': 'Behavioral symptoms, motor symptoms, decline of functional independence.', '3': 'Mood changes, cognitive deficit, decline of functional independence.', '4': 'Behavioral symptoms, mood changes, motor symptoms.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["To discuss the changes in cognitive function and related brain regions in patients with chronic benzene poisoning. Few studies have explored the damage to cognitive function that occurs in benzene toxic encephalopathy. It is important to identify early in the course of disease whether cognitive dysfunction is caused by benzene poisoning so that disease prognosis and appropriate treatment can be determined. We reported on the chronic benzene poisoning of a 41-year-old Han Chinese woman. The patient had graduated from primary school, and she had a cheerful and diligent personality. She had performed painting work for more than five years, and her primary work involved painting swivel chairs. The primary reasons she attended the psychiatric clinic were loss of appetite, she had experienced fatigue for more than 2 months, and she had had memory loss for a month. These symptoms seriously impacted the patient's daily life and ability to work. The patient's husband expressed concern that she could not recognize acquaintances, could not find her way home, and had lost approximately 5 kg per month over two months. We analyzed changes in this chronic benzene poisoning patient's cognitive function with cognitive function assessments and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Measurements were taken on presentation to hospital, during the patient's hospitalization, and three months following discharge. Long-term exposure to benzene can damage the central nervous system. However, it is difficult to recognize when cognitive impairment is caused by chronic benzene poisoning, as it rarely presents with a decline in cognitive function as the primary clinical manifestation. Atypical symptoms, such as decreased immune function and gastrointestinal issues, may be the first symptoms to appear, and these atypical symptoms are difficult to detect in the early stages of disease. Regular screening of high-risk groups is required to significantly reduce the incidence of systemic damage caused by benzene poisoning.", "Corticobasal degeneration (CBD) is a pathology of low incidence and prevalence worldwide; it is accompanied by symptoms such as dystonia, rigid akinetic syndrome (bradykinesia), gait disturbances, neurological deterioration associated with severe cortical subcortical atrophy, and progressive to moderate to severe neurocognitive deficits, especially in immediate verbal memory and dorsolateral or dysexecutive syndrome. We identified neurocognitive impairment and neuropsychiatric symptoms in a patient diagnosed with CBD. Participant was a 70-year-old female patient, single; she presented progressive memory loss of an immediate verbal nature. Initially, she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and Lewy body dementia, finding that she had no characteristic signs and symptoms of these pathologies. The patient presented conciliation insomnia, gait disturbances, and severe neurocognitive deficit, especially in executive functions, immediate verbal memory, and visuospatial functioning. It was found that the patient presented neurocognitive alterations of the executive type (frontal lobe) such as decision making, planning, inhibition and operative memory, correlated with a severe alteration in her basic, instrumental and advanced activities of daily life, with a high risk factor for developing dementia. It is necessary to diagnose in an assertive and timely manner in order to generate functional neurorehabilitation plans in people diagnosed with CBD, with the main objective of positively impacting quality of life, at the individual, family, and social level.", 'A 66-year-old female was referred to our department for evaluation of exposed bone in the hard palate. She was asymptomatic at the time of her initial consultation; however, she was concerned about a non-healing lesion that had been present for five months. The patient reported having injured her hard palate while eating sometime in November 2011. Subsequently she was followed by her general dentist, who had noticed improvement of the area. Approximately three months later, she noticed worsening of the lesion along with discomfort. She was conservatively managed at that point with penicillin and chlorhexidine mouth rinse without any improvement of her condition.', 'We describe a family with a history of cancer suggestive of the Li-Fraumeni syndrome (LFS). A 27-year-old woman suffered at 17 years of age from phyllodes breast tumor and was shown to carry a germline mutation in the TP53 gene. Two years after testing, she became pregnant and was offered prenatal diagnosis by her gynecologist. The patient expressed her commitment to deliver the baby regardless of its mutation status, but with a strong interest in having the child tested soon after the birth. When she was informed that testing of children is usually postponed until after they reach 18 years of age, she consulted several geneticists, who repeatedly discouraged her from the intent to test the newborn. In the end, the patient decided for prenatal genetic testing only to learn the mutation status of the child. This scenario being unacceptable, she was offered early postnatal testing of the child, and this analysis showed that the newborn boy carried the mutation. Based on this finding, the family was enrolled into a preventive screening program for childhood cancer. The case illustrates ethical problems associated with early predisposition testing in LFS, and the lack of consensus on this issue in the literature.', 'This poem is about an elderly client trapped in an abusive relationship. The client has a history of complex trauma and suffers from major depression. During the course of our sessions, she started cutting herself. As her psychotherapist, I was concerned that she may be regressing. I struggled to appreciate the reason for her self-mutilation and redirected her attention from the past to the present. As we processed her trauma, this poem was my attempt to help her gain insight into her cutting behavior and her triggers regarding the opposite sex. My goal was for the client to practice dual awareness and envision a future in which she was in control of herself. Accordingly, I shared the poem with her during our sessions. Following this, she wrote a letter to me stating that, for the first time in her life, she felt seen and understood. Also, in the letter, she indicated that my voice echoed in her brain and that every day she was "getting a little bit stronger." (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved).']}
{'id': 164, 'question': 'An 80-year-old patient with a history of hypertension and on treatment with enalapril and spironolactone comes to the hospital with asthenia and severe muscle weakness. Blood pressure is 110/70 mmHg. In the ECG, there are sharp and elevated T waves, ventricular extrasystoles and short QT. What is the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Hypercalcemia.', '2': 'Hyperkalemia.', '3': 'Hypomagnesemia.', '4': 'Hypocalcemia.', '5': 'Hypernatremia.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["Low blood pressure and associated postural symptoms are well-recognized manifestations of anaphylaxis. Nonetheless, anaphylaxis can present with high blood pressure and is rarely reported in the literature. We report an unusual presentation of anaphylaxis with severe supine hypertension and orthostatic intolerance. A 43-year-old Asian female presented to the emergency department with generalized itching, hives, and postural dizziness after taking a slow-release diclofenac sodium 100\xa0mg tablet. On admission, the patient was tachycardic with a supine blood pressure of 200/100\xa0mmHg. She had urticaria and bilateral rhonchi. A clinical diagnosis of anaphylaxis was made. She was treated with intravenous hydrocortisone and chlorpheniramine, but intramuscular adrenaline was withheld owing to her high blood pressure. She was kept in the supine position, and her vital parameters were closely monitored. Although the respiratory and cutaneous symptoms improved with treatment, her blood pressure remained elevated. Forty minutes later, the postural dizziness recurred as she sat up on the bed and her blood pressure plummeted from 198/100\xa0mmHg to 80/60\xa0mmHg. She was put back in the supine position immediately, and the blood pressure was restored with three doses of intramuscular adrenaline and a fluid bolus. Her postural symptoms completely resolved after adrenaline, but her blood pressure remained elevated. Two weeks after the initial presentation, a diagnosis of essential hypertension was made, which probably had been undetected. In anaphylaxis, where the cardiovascular system is involved, a blood pressure reduction from baseline is expected in patients with preexisting hypertension. Despite cardiovascular involvement, our patients' blood pressure on presentation to the emergency department was much higher than her pretreatment ambulatory blood pressure, thus making this presentation unusual. Diagnosis and treatment of anaphylaxis can be delayed in patients presenting with high blood pressure. Postural symptoms should alert the clinician to cardiovascular involvement despite elevated supine blood pressure. Early treatment with adrenaline should be considered in these patients with extreme caution.", 'Left ventricular hypertrophy is a strong independent predictor of risk of cardiovascular morbidity and death. The aim of the LIFE-study was to establish whether treatment with the angiotensin-II AT 1-receptor antagonist, losartan, reduced cardiovascular events more effectively than treatment with the betablocker atenolol in patients with hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. The LIFE-study included 9193 patients with essential hypertension and ECG-verified left ventricular hypertrophy, age range 55-80 years, systolic blood pressure in sitting position 160-200 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure 95-115 mmHg. Patients were randomized to double-blind treatment with losartan versus atenolol. They were followed for at least four years and until 1040 patients had a primary cardiovascular event (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke). Blood pressure fell by 30.2/16.6 and 29.1/16.8 mmHg in the losartan and the atenolol group, respectively. The primary composite endpoint occurred in 508 losartan and 588 atenolol patients (relative risk 0.87, p = 0.021). A total of 232 and 309, respectively, had fatal or non-fatal stroke (relative risk 0.75, p = 0.001). There was no difference in myocardial infarction. New-onset diabetes was 25% less frequent on losartan. Side effects were less on losartan compared to atenolol. Losartan prevents to a higher degree cardiovascular morbidity and death than atenolol for a similar reduction in blood pressure and is better tolerated.', "Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) can lead to an increase in right ventricular load and subsequently heart failure, making severe PAH a contraindication for pregnancy. In addition, PAH may worsen during pregnancy and puerperium, which requires high-quality critical care. This report is the first instance in which a patient with severe PAH, survived a successful atrial septal defect (ASD) repair and bilateral lung transplantation during puerperium. A 42-year-old pregnant woman with congenital heart disease (CHD) and severe PAH was admitted to our hospital for the management of pregnancy and delivery. The patient was diagnosed with severe PAH in 2013, and no significant improvements or deteriorations were found until this pregnancy-related hospital admission. The patient was diagnosed with CHD and severe PAH in 2013 with color Doppler echocardiography, right cardiac catheterization, and pulmonary perfusion imaging. The patient's mean pulmonary arterial pressure increased to 140\u200amm Hg during pregnancy, suggesting an exacerbated PAH with high risks to both her and the unborn child. The patient was treated with PAH-targeting treprostinil injection to reduce pulmonary artery pressure. Caesarean section was performed at 27 weeks and 5 days of gestation. The patient was put under extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) with the help of local anesthesia before the operation. The investigators finally conducted a bilateral lung transplantation with a shell incision of the sternum under cardiopulmonary bypass. The mother and the neonate survived and recovered well after the operation, and were discharged from the hospital on the fourth month post-hospitalization. Severe PAH is an absolute contraindication for pregnancy. However, for patients who insist on a pregnancy, it could be plausible to proceed with a targeted drug therapy and ECMO after conducting a cesarean section, and finally, a lung transplantation. Multidisciplinary diagnosis and treatment is the key to the successful treatment of a PAH-complicated pregnancy.", 'To report a case of acute endophthalmitis and hyphema mimicking pink hypopyon associated with ocular toxocariasis. An immunocompetent 56-year-old woman presented to our hospital with a sudden onset and a three-day history of decreased visual acuity in her left eye. There were no known inciting factors for her symptoms; however, she had a history of eating undercooked beef five days prior. On examination, the best-corrected visual acuity of her left eye was light perception and the intraocular pressure was 24\xa0mmHg. Hyphema mimicking pink hypopyon and vitreous opacity suggestive of acute endophthalmitis were observed in her left eye. The patient underwent an emergency pars plana vitrectomy. The intraoperative findings included iridodialysis, severe vitritis, multiple whitish spots on the retina, white sheathed retinal vessels, and whitish peripheral granuloma. The aqueous humor tap and vitreous tap cultures were negative. Blood tests showed elevated eosinophil and total immunoglobulin (Ig) E levels. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay of her intraocular fluid showed positive anti-Toxocara canis IgG reactions; the patient was therefore diagnosed with ocular toxocariasis. Subsequent treatment with oral albendazole and prednisone resulted in significant improvement and recovery of visual acuity to 20/12.5. Acute endophthalmitis with hyphema mimicking pink hypopyon is a rare clinical presentation of ocular toxocariasis. The findings from this case highlight the importance of suspecting ocular toxocariasis if a patient presents with acute endophthalmitis and hyphema accompanied with peripheral granuloma. Early vitrectomy and subsequent treatment with oral albendazole and prednisone can be effective in visual recovery.', "Clopidogrel is a widely-used antiplatelet and acts as an adenosine diphosphate receptor inhibitor. Neutropenia is a rare but serious adverse effect of clopidogrel. It is unknown whether this adverse effect has any association with impaired kidney function. An 80-year-old male with chronic kidney disease was diagnosed with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction and underwent percutaneous coronary intervention. During hospitalization, the patient was diagnosed with contrast-induced nephropathy, treated symptomatically, and discharged with a back-to-baseline creatinine level. Two weeks later, the patient presented to the emergency department with fever and chills. Complete blood count showed leukopenia (0.84\u2009×\u200910<sup3</sup/mm<sup3</sup) and severe neutropenia (0.13\u2009×\u200910<sup3</sup/mm<sup3</sup). Blood cultures were positive for Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Clopidogrel was stopped immediately and switched into ticagrelor. Imipenem and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor were administered to the patient. The patient's white blood cell and absolute neutrophil count were within the normal range after four days of treatment. The patient was discharged after a 10-day hospitalization, and his complete blood counts were normal during further follow-ups. Clopidogrel was the most likely primary cause of neutropenia in our case. The incidence of clopidogrel-induced neutropenia is low and the exact mechanism is not fully explained. We provide suggestions on the management of clopidogrel-associated neutropenia, and summarize all five cases of clopidogrel-induced neutropenia in patients with impaired kidney function."]}
{'id': 208, 'question': 'Woman 40 weeks gestation in labor with 6 cm dilation. She presents a decelerative fetal pattern in cardiotocographic recordings, so it is decided to perform a fetal blood smear to assess fetal well-being. Result 7.22. The correct conduct is:', 'options': {'1': 'Severe acidosis. Urgent cesarean section.', '2': 'Pre-pathological value repeat microtome 15-20 minutes.', '3': 'Moderate acidosis. Repeat microtome in 1-2 hours.', '4': 'Value in normal limits, leave natural evolution of labor.', '5': 'Repeat at the time of possible error in obtaining the shot.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['Massive fetomaternal hemorrhage (FMH) is a rare complication in pregnancy that may cause hydrops or can even be life-threatening for the fetus. We report on the case of a 19-year-old gravida I, para 0, who presented to our clinic at 32 weeks of gestation due to decreased fetal movements. The initial fetal heart rate tracing at admission showed a sinusoidal pattern without decelerations. The ultrasound examination performed immediately described a normally developed fetus with normal amounts of amniotic fluid and without abnormities of the placental structure. Doppler sonography of the fetal middle cerebral artery gave rise to the strong suspicion of fetal anemia, so that a cordocentesis was prepared for potential intrauterine blood transfusion. Meanwhile, the rate of fetal hemoglobin (HbF) cells in the maternal blood was found to be markedly increased with 66 per thousand. Correspondingly, cardiotocographic findings worsened with repeated decelerations, thus an immediate cesarean section was performed based on the suspected diagnosis of an acute FMH. A fetus weighing 1,860 g was delivered, who had severe anemia with hemoglobin level of 4.0 g/dl. After a direct blood transfusion, HbF levels normalized rapidly, the fetus stabilized, and a normal recovery has thus far been reported. The presented case demonstrates the successful and straightforward diagnosis, as well as the management of a case of severe FMH and illustrates the special value of Doppler sonography in this context.', "The traditional approach to the assessment of labor progress is by digital vaginal examination; however, it is subjective and imprecise. Recent studies have investigated the role of transperineal ultrasonographic assessment of fetal head descent by measuring the angle of progression and head-perineum distance. The objective of this study was to evaluate factors that affected labor progress, which were defined by the transperineal ultrasonographic parameters, in women who achieved vaginal delivery. This was a prospective longitudinal study performed in 315 women with singleton pregnancy who underwent labor induction at term between December 2016 and December 2017. Paired assessment of cervical dilation and fetal head station by vaginal examination and transperineal ultrasonographic assessment of fetal head descent (parasagittal angle of progression and head-perineum distance) were made serially after the commencement of labor induction until full cervical dilation. The researchers were blinded to the findings of the clinical team's vaginal examination and vice versa. The repeated measure data were analyzed by mixed effect models to identify the significant factors (age ≥35 years, obesity, parity, methods of labor induction, and epidural anesthesia) that affected the relationship between parasagittal angle of progression and head-perineum distance against fetal head station and cervical dilation. The total number of paired vaginal examination and transperineal ultrasonographic assessments among the 261 women (82.9%) with vaginal delivery was 945, with a median of 3 per woman. The median assessment-to-assessment interval was 4.6 hours (interquartile range, 4.3-5.2). Multiparity and mechanical methods of labor induction were associated with a faster rate of fetal head descent, which was determined by head-perineum distance against fetal head station, than nulliparity and the use of a slow-release vaginal pessary, respectively. An additional increase of 0.10 cm in head-perineum distance was observed, for an unit increase in fetal head station in nulliparous women (P=.03) and women who had a slow-release vaginal pessary (P=.02), compared with multiparous women and those who had mechanical methods for labor induction. The use of epidural anesthesia was associated with a slower rate of fetal head descent, which was determined by both parasagittal angle of progression and head-perineum distance, against fetal head station. An additional decrease of 3.66 degrees in parasagittal angle of progression (P=.04) and an additional increase in 0.33 cm in head-perineum distance (P≤.001) were observed for a unit increase in fetal head station in women with the use of epidural anesthesia, compared with those without. Obese women had higher head-perineum distance overall, compared with normal weight women; at different cross-sections of time periods, obesity appeared to be associated with a slower rate of change between head-perineum distance and cervical dilation. Advanced maternal age did not affect transperineal ultrasound-determined labor progress (P&gt;.05). Parity, methods of labor induction, the use of epidural anesthesia, and obesity affect labor progress, which has been illustrated objectively by serial transperineal ultrasonographic assessment of fetal head descent.", 'The incidence of true knot of the umbilical cord is not only very low but it is often undiagnosed antenatally when present despite the availability of prenatal ultrasonography. When the true knot remains tight, it may impede the circulation of the fetus and may result to fetal death in utero especially in labor. We report a very uncommon case of true knot of the umbilical cord that ultimately led to a fetal demise. A 39-year-old booked G7 P5(+1) with four living children, who booked for antenatal care at a gestational age (GA) of 17 weeks. The fundal height was compatible with the GA throughout pregnancy. An ultrasound done at a GA of 36 weeks showed normal findings. She had onset of labor at a GA of 40 weeks and 5 days following cervical ripening with two courses of 50 μg misoprostol inserted at the posterior fornix 6 h apart. The fetal heart tones were monitored using Doppler sonicaid. They remained normal throughout labor that lasted 13 h. She subsequently had spontaneous vertex delivery with poor Apgar score. The baby died immediately after birth. The umbilical cord was more than double the normal length and a true knot of the umbilical cord was diagnosed after delivery of the baby. We have reported a case of true umbilical cord knot in Nnewi, South-East Nigeria. Although this entity can be diagnosed antenatally, current experience is limited to incidental observation and consequent fetal demise. ', 'A 10-year experience of antepartum cardiotocography (8,463 pregnancies) was reviewed to examine the associations with major fetal malformations (278 cases or 3.3%). Patients with critical fetal reserve cardiotocography had a 72% Caesarean section rate (91 of 126) and major fetal malformations were present in 19% (24 of 126) of their infants. Although only 10 of the total 278 malformations (3.6%) were lethal, 6 of these 10 (60%) were associated with a critical reserve antepartum cardiotocographic pattern. As delivery by Caesarean section is usual in patients with critical fetal reserve cardiotocography, it is mandatory to perform ultrasonography to exclude identifiable lethal fetal malformations before delivery.', 'The aim of the study was to evaluate the admission CTG alone and in combination with the following tests: fetal acoustic stimulation test (FAST), maternal perception of sound provoked fetal movement (mpSPFM), amniotic fluid index (AFI), and umbilical artery doppler studies in early labor. 1092 singleton pregnancies in cephalic presentation, and with intact amniotic membranes at 37 weeks gestation or more, were admitted in early labor to the labor ward at the National University Hospital, Singapore. Admission tests were performed, and labor managed according to established labor ward protocol. Of all the tests performed, only the results of the admission CTG and color of the amniotic fluid were known to the obstetrician. If the admission CTG is normal, AFI is &gt; 5 cm and there is an acceleratory responses to FAST the incidence of fetal distress is low. In the presence of a reactive admission CTG and in the absence of thick meconium, fetal heart rate response to FAST and the AFI provided a better selection of the high risk fetus that would require closer monitoring or early delivery. When the admission CTG was suspicious, FAST, AFI, and blood flow velocity waveform studies may allow more confident prediction of the ability of the fetus to withstand the stresses of labor.']}
{'id': 232, 'question': 'A 19-year-old girl with no medical history of interest, except for a self-limited case of influenza 3 weeks earlier, who comes to the emergency department with petechiae and ecchymosis of spontaneous onset. On physical examination the patient was in good general condition, afebrile, normotensive and oriented in time and space. There were petechiae scattered throughout the lower extremities and abdomen and small ecchymoses in decubitus areas. No lymphadenopathy or splenomegaly were palpated. Laboratory tests showed the following findings: Hb 12.6 g/dL, leukocytes 5,500/mm3, platelets 7000/mm3. The peripheral blood smear showed normal erythrocyte morphology, normal differential leukocyte count and the planetary count was concordant with the autoanalyzer figure without platelet aggregates. Biochemistry and proteinogram, beta 2 microglobulin and LDH are normal. Which of the following do you think is the most appropriate initial treatment?', 'options': {'1': 'Platelet transfusion.', '2': 'Weekly Rituximab.', '3': 'Cyclophosphamide in 4-day pulses every 21 days.', '4': 'Daily plasmapheresis.', '5': 'Prednisone at 1 mg/day for 2-3 weeks.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['A 50-year-old previously well woman developed a sudden onset of ecchymoses and petechiae over the trunk and extremities and gum bleeding. There was no history of alcohol use or drug ingestion. Physical examination was normal except for the ecchymoses, purpuric rash, and gum bleeding. Complete blood count showed Hb 8.0 g/dl, leucocytes 10.9 x 10(9)/L with a normal differential, platelets 8 x 10(9)/L and reticulocytes, 4%. The bone marrow was normocellular and showed absence of megakaryocytes; there was normoblastic erythroid hyperplasia and the myelopoiesis was normal. The direct Coombs test result was positive. There was poor response to treatment with prednisone and bolus doses of vincristine. Therapy with danazol resulted in the complete normalization of the blood counts, and the patient remains well 32 months after diagnosis and is currently taking 100 mg danazol daily.', 'BACKGROUND Tumor lysis syndrome is common in hematological malignancy, but less frequent in chronic and solid tumors. Almost always it is observed after chemotherapy or radiotherapy initiation, but rarely occurs spontaneously. CASE REPORT A 89-year-old female with stable chronic lymphocytic leukemia was admitted to the hospital because of worsening dyspnea and dry cough. Her vital signs were normal, except for sinus tachycardia. On physical examination, she appeared distressed, dyspneic, sweaty but afebrile, anxious, but alert and well oriented. Lung examination revealed reduced air entry with bibasilar crackles. No peripheral edema was seen, pulses were normal, and no signs of deep vein thrombosis were observed. Laboratory analysis revealed leukocytosis; but normal hematological and biochemical parameters. Intravenous (IV) furosemide and antibiotics (IV ceftriaxone and orally azithromycin) were started along with steroid therapy (methylprednisolone 62.5 mg, IV). The treatment with steroids lasted for 1 day only, and in the following day, the patient was switched to prednisone (20 mg/day orally) for only 1 additional day. White blood cell count increased on day 1, 2 and 3 after admission, along development of hyperuricemia, hyperphosphatemia, hyperkalemia, acute renal failure and elevated troponin levels. Hemodiafiltration/hemodialysis was initiated, and the patient was discharged after serum concentrations of these electrolytes and kidney function were restored. One month after discharge, the patient denied any malaise and was at stable condition. CONCLUSIONS Herein, we present a case of a patient with stable chronic lymphocytic leukemia, who developed spontaneous tumor lysis syndrome after short low dose of steroid therapy. This case highlights the importance of including spontaneous tumor lysis syndrome in the differential diagnosis of any acute renal failure in the constellation of any malignancy.', 'History A 44-year-old woman who was a resident of Bihar, which is a state in eastern India, presented to the surgical outpatient department of our hospital with a history of gradually increasing swelling of the right breast associated with redness, pain, and itching over the past month (Fig 1). She reported a general sense of malaise and experienced episodes of chills over the past 6 months; however, she had no documented fever. There was no history of breast trauma. No history suggestive of a possible hypercoagulable state could be elicited (she was a nonsmoker, had undergone uncomplicated normal vaginal delivery 15 years earlier, was not taking oral contraceptives, and had no history to suggest past deep venous thrombosis). General physical examination findings were unremarkable. On local examination, she was found to have diffuse enlargement of the right breast. The skin over the lateral part of the breast was erythematous and showed the presence of prominent superficial veins. On palpation, few ill-defined firm mobile masses were found in the upper outer quadrant with overlying skin induration. No skin ulceration or nipple discharge was present. Few firm and discrete lymph nodes were palpable in the right axilla. Laboratory investigations showed mild anemia (hemoglobin level, 10 g/dL; normal range, 12-15 g/dL), a total leukocyte count of 14 000 cells per microliter (14 cells × 10<sup9</sup/L) (normal range, 4500-11 000 cells per microliter [4.5-11 cells × 10<sup9</sup/L]), a normal differential leukocyte count (74% neutrophils [normal range, 40%-80%], 24% lymphocytes [normal range, 20%-40%], and 2% eosinophils [normal range, 1%-4%]), and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 31 mm per hour (normal range, 0-29 mm per hour). She underwent both mammography (Fig 2) and US (Fig 3). Real-time US showed mobile structures on the series of US images obtained seconds apart (Fig 4). On the basis of the imaging findings, US-guided fine-needle aspiration cytology was performed to confirm the diagnosis, and appropriate treatment was instituted.', "A four-year-old Standardbred gelding presented with a 3.5 year history of intermittent epistaxis and spontaneous submucosal petechiae and ecchymoses in the nares and the mouth. Routine haematological and biochemical examinations were unremarkable. A thrombocytopathy was suspected when activated partial thromboplastin time, one stage prothrombin time, plasma fibrinogen and the platelet count were all normal. The patient's platelets failed to aggregate with serotonin, adenosine diphosphate, collagen (at 20 micrograms/ml) or the endoperoxide analogue U46619. Very high levels of collagen (100 micrograms/ml) did cause aggregation. The response to the calcium ionophore A23187 was reduced and although complete degranulation occurred the resulting aggregates were unstable. Thromboxane generation in response to collagen and ADP was inferred from the concentration of its stable metabolite thromboxane B2 and was reduced. A diagnosis of a thrombasthenia-like syndrome possibly equivalent to Type II Glanzmann's thrombasthenia in people was made.", "A hemangioma that rapidly increases in size has the potential to trap platelets and cause a consumptive coagulopathy. We describe the case of an 18-week-old boy who was brought to a local emergency department with ecchymosis on his nasal bridge and medial epicanthi, as well as a subconjunctival hemorrhage. He was noted to be anemic and thrombocytopenic. Packed red blood cells and platelets were transfused. However, despite hematologic correction, the ecchymosis and petechiae worsened, and a mass became evident in the right posterior triangle of the patient's neck. Computed tomography demonstrated a lobular soft-tissue-density mass in the right posterior triangle that extended to the level of the skull base. Histologic analysis of a biopsy specimen revealed that the lesion was a giant kaposiform hemangioma. The patient was diagnosed with Kasabach-Merritt syndrome, and prednisolone was commenced as a first-line treatment. However, the mass continued to grow, resulting in inspiratory stridor. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed encroachment into the thecal sac and compression of the spinal cord. The lesion was embolized, and vincristine therapy was commenced. Following a second embolization, the size of the lesion decreased and no further blood products were required. The hemangioma was deemed to be unresectable. The successful treatment in this case was dependent on the maintenance of hemostasis, the initial medical treatment with a corticosteroid, repeat embolization, and longer-term control with vincristine."]}
{'id': 64, 'question': 'A 42-year-old woman with breast cancer has metastases at the level of the intervertebral foramina between the 4th and 5th cervical vertebrae and between the 4th and 5th thoracic vertebrae. Which spinal nerves will be injured?', 'options': {'1': 'Fourth cervical and fourth thoracic nerves.', '2': 'Fifth cervical and fifth thoracic nerves.', '3': 'Fourth cervical and fifth thoracic nerves.', '4': 'Fifth cervical and fourth thoracic nerve.', '5': 'Third cervical and fourth thoracic nerve.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['A male deformed Korean native calf was examined macroscopically. The deformed calf had no caudal vertebral columns from 5th lumbar vertebra, sacrum and coccygeal vertebrae. The spinal cord was terminated in the vertebral foramen of the 3rd lumbar vertebra. The cervical vertebrae had scoliosis and the 3rd and 4th cervical vertebrae were fused. The 2nd and 3rd lumbar vertebrae were fused and the left and right transverse processes of the 4th lumbar vertebra articulated with ala of the ilium. The rectum was greatly expanded by the imperforate anus and a rectourethral fistula was formed between the rectum and urethra. The deformed calf was recorded as a first documentation of sacrocaudal agenesis confirmed in a Korean native calf.', 'To study quantitatively the mineral elements in the vertebral column, we examined the vertebrae and intervertebral discs resected from three normal cadavers which died at middle age, by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry. The relative contents of calcium, phosphorus, and sodium in vertebrae were high in the order from cervical to lumbar vertebrae. The ratios of calcium per phosphorus were 1.80 +/- 0.25 in cervical vertebrae, 1.59 +/- 0.22 in thoracic vertebrae, and 1.23 +/- 0.24 in lumbar vertebrae. The ratio of cervical vertebrae was the highest among them. In regard to intervertebral discs, both the relative contents of calcium and phosphorus were very much higher in the intervertebral discs between the 4th and 8th thoracic vertebrae than the others.', "Breast density is an important variable that can change the sensitivity of mammography. It can be analyzed with using the 4th and 5th editions of the Breast Imaging and Reporting Data System (BI-RADS) recommendations from the American College of Radiology (ACR). To define the intra- and inter-reader agreement levels of breast density assignments performed by readers with different experience levels using two versions of BI-RADS. The breast density assessments of 330 women were conducted by two readers with different levels of experience (one breast radiologist and one resident). Each reader independently defined the breast density four times-twice using the 4th edition and twice using the 5th edition. Assessments were analyzed on four- and two-category scales. The intra-reader agreement of the breast radiologist for the 4th and 5th editions of BI-RADS was almost perfect (k\u2009=\u20090.90 and k\u2009=\u20090.87, respectively.) The resident had similar results (k\u2009=\u20090.88 and k\u2009=\u20090.87, respectively). The agreement between the breast radiologist and resident for the 4th and 5th edition of BI-RADS was substantial (k\u2009=\u20090.70 and k\u2009=\u20090.63, respectively). There was a statistically significant difference with the two-category scale analysis between the dense and non-dense for both readers and versions of BI-RADS (McNemar's test, <iP</i\u2009&lt;\u20090.001). Although there were high intra- and inter-reader agreement levels when using both versions, the percentage of women having dense breasts increased when using the 5th edition, and the difference was statistically significant. There were no differences found with regard to the readers' level of experience in all analyses.", "BACKGROUND Osteoblastoma is a very rare bone tumor accounting for 1% of all bone tumors. Most of the time it involves the spine and long bones and it involves the ribs very rarely. While osteoblastoma occurrence in the first rib has been reported, causing neurogenic thoracic outlet syndrome (TOS) has never been reported. CASE REPORT A 23-year-old woman presented with a left cervical mass associated with pain and paresthesia in the medial aspect of the left upper extremity and 4th and 5th fingers for the previous 3 months. The patient denied any previous illness or trauma in her history. Physical examination revealed a hard mass in the posterior triangle of the left neck with altered sensation in the left 4th and 5th fingers. The patient was investigated by a chest roentgenogram, nerve conduction study, computer tomography (CT) of the chest, and magnetic resonance image (MRI), as well as incisional biopsy. Although all radiological investigations were suggesting osteochondroma with a differential diagnosis of chondrosarcoma, the incisional biopsy showed osteoblastoma. Radical surgical excision of the lesion followed through a left supraclavicular approach. The patient's preoperative symptoms were relieved completely and there was no recurrence of the tumor at 2 years. CONCLUSIONS Osteoblastoma of the first rib is very rare tumor and to present with TOS is extremely rare. The nonspecific radiological characteristics of the tumor, especially on CT, makes the preoperative certainty of the diagnosis unlikely.", "This is a retrospective study. We wanted to measure the distance of the normal intervetebral disc space of Koreans. OVERVIEW OF THE LITERATURE: For judging the distance of the normal intervertebral disc space of Koreans, we studied young adults who didn't have degenerative spinal change to determine the distance of the normal intervertebral disc space of each lumbar vertebral segment, and we did so by performing magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). We studied a total of 178 outpatients who had low back pain and they underwent lumbar MRI. There were 138 males and 40 females, and their average age was 20.7 years (range, 15 to 25 years). On MRI, the segments with observed Modic change or other abnormalities were excluded from this investigation. To improvement the accuracy of measurement, two spine specialists measured the distances 2 times, and we calculated the mean value. We used paired t-tests for statistical analysis. In the total 178 patients, the average distance of intervertebral space from the 1st to the 2nd lumbar vertebrae was 24.83% (range, 18 to 32%), that from the 2nd to the 3rd was 26.92% (range, 19 to 40%), that from the 3rd to 4th was 28.88% (range, 19 to 41%), that from the 4th to 5th was 29.60% (range, 21 to 43%) and that from the 5th lumbar vertebra to the 1st sacrum was 27.52% (range, 19 to 38%). In this study, we expect that knowing the normal distance of the lumbar intervertebral space of Koreans can be helpful for surgical reconstruction to treat many lumbar spine diseases, to predict the appropriate size of the devices inserted in the intervertebral space and to produce proper devices for Koreans."]}
{'id': 280, 'question': "A 59-year-old woman presents with chronic watery diarrhea of 4 months' duration. On endoscopy, the mucosa showed no relevant features. In particular, no ulcers or friable areas were observed. A biopsy of the transverse colon was performed. Histopathology revealed a thickened area below the superficial lining epithelium, which was more evident by Masson's trichrome technique and involved epithelial atrophy and denudation. There was also a clear increase in intraepithelial lymphocyte density. The diagnosis of the intestinal lesion is?", 'options': {'1': 'Chronic ulcerative colitis.', '2': 'Pseudomembranous colitis.', '3': 'Collagenous colitis.', '4': "Fibrosing Crohn's disease.", '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['A 63-year-old woman was referred and admitted to our department for further examination of protein-losing enteropathy (PLE), which was diagnosed by alpha-anti trypsin test. Her symptoms were frequent vomiting, watery diarrhea and hypoproteinemia. Although intensive examination for PLE was performed in her previous hospital, the origin of the disease was not detected. Abdominal computed tomography revealed diffuse enlargement and swelling of the intestine wall and a 5-cm diameter mass with unclear margin, which involved the mesenteric arteries and veins. Total colonoscopy showed a diffuse edematous lesion with hemorrhage at the terminal ileum. Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma (ETL) was diagnosed based on a biopsy of the lesion and CD45 gating analysis. Immediate start of chemotherapy (CHOP) led to a transient regression of the tumor even though her symptoms were not improved. During the second cycle of CHOP, the patient died of massive hemorrhage throughout the intestine. The pathological study revealed that intraepithelial CD3-positive clonal T-cells were present in the lesion, indicating that this case could be associated with celiac disease. In light of the histological findings, we concluded that this was a case of ETL associated with celiac disease, which is extremely rare in Japan.', 'A case of collagenous colitis is reported. A 48 year old female who had been complaining of mild diarrhea had been under medication for a gastric ulcer. Colonoscopy revealed almost normal appearance of the colonic mucosa except for one hyperplastic polyp of the cecum. Specimens of the ascending, transverse and descending colon showed a distinctively thickened collagen band beneath the surface epithelium, 10-20 microns thick, which was irregularly distributed, even within the same specimen. In some areas, the thickened collagen band was found around the upper part of the pits. Periodic acid-Schiff (PAS), Azan staining and silver impregnation were positive for this thickened collagen band. Immunohistochemically, the thickened collagen band was weakly positive for collagen type III, but negative for collagen types I and IV. Plasma cells, lymphocytes and eosinophils were observed in the lamina propria in addition to intraepithelial lymphocytic infiltration. Capillaries were increased in the thickened collagen band. The arrangement of surface epithelial cells was irregular. Crypts were not distorted. Edema, diffuse or extensive fibrosis and congestion were not found. Through these findings the patient was diagnosed as having collagenous colitis. Many cases of this had been reported in western countries, but very few in Japan. The Japanese literature was reviewed for cases of collagenous colitis and it was found that only two cases had been presented.', 'Colitis is a chronic gastrointestinal system disease characterized by inflammation of the inner lining of the colon. Infectious colitis is one of the most common causes of colitis and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. One of the rare causes of colitis includes vancomycin-resistant <iEnterococcus faecium</i (VRE). Lately, the prevalence of VRE has significantly increased in hospitals. We present a case of a 32-year-old American man who was initially admitted because of bilateral lower extremity weakness. The hospital course was complicated, with acute hypoxic respiratory failure secondary to pneumonia. The patient was intubated and was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics. Later on, the patient had severe diarrhea and was found to have clostridium difficile infection. Patient symptoms persisted despite completing the course of antibiotics. Colonoscopy was performed, and the patient was found to have a diffuse area of severely altered vascular, congested, erythematous, friable with contact bleeding, hemorrhagic, inflamed, nodular, and ulcerated mucosa in the sigmoid colon, in the descending colon, and the transverse colon. A biopsy was sent, and the patient was found to be growing VRE. Currently, there is no effective treatment available for VRE. Hospitals need to have an active surveillance program to identify these patients so that the infection does not spread to other patients.', "A novel concept of spectrally resolved morphometry for histological specimens was developed using light microscopy combined with spectrally resolved imaging. The spectroscopic characteristics of rat hepatocytes stained by Haematoxylin and Eosin, Romanowsky-Giemsa, periodic acid-Schiff and Masson's trichrome were assessed. Light intensity in the range 450-850 nm was recorded from 10000 pixels of nuclear domains of each stained cell and represented as light transmittance spectra and optical density. In order to identify spectral shifts caused by stain-macromolecule interactions, we compared the spectra of individual stain components with those of DNA and bovine serum albumin. Chromatin and interchromatin areas were classified spectrally using a chosen spectral library followed by morphometric calculations of nuclear domains for each staining method. The spectral fingerprints of Masson's trichrome stain distinguished the nucleolus from the rest of the nuclear chromatin, enabling the demarcation and calculation of the nucleolar area. Spectrally resolved imaging of human hepatocytes stained by Masson's trichrome stain revealed marked differences between the nucleolar area in normal human hepatocytes compared with hepatocellular carcinoma. Masson's trichrome stain also distinguished the nucleolar area in human breast carcinoma cells and keratinocytes.", "Ileal villous atrophy with normal proximal small intestinal mucosa is a rare lesion observed in a few diseases. We report here a case of unknown etiology. A 49-year-old woman presented with chronic diarrhea and steatorrhea due to bile acid malabsorption which was strikingly improved by a low-fat diet. Villous atrophy was total or subtotal, but enterocyte alterations were minimal. Crypts were hyperplastic and the lamina propria was infiltrated by lymphocytes and plasma cells mainly synthesizing IgM. These alterations were associated with the presence in the submucosa, and occasionally in the mucosa, of numerous convoluted nonectasic capillary tufts. Thrombi consisting of pure platelet aggregates were found in the capillary tufts and adjacent small vessels, whose walls were either normal or hyalinized. The patient suffered for many years from attacks of Raynaud's phenomenon and platelet aggregation was depressed in the presence of collagen. Thrombi disappeared after aspirin treatment, but the other lesions persisted at the time of death from an unrelated cause."]}
{'id': 545, 'question': 'A 78-year-old patient with no past history who consults for asthenia and dyspnea of 3 months of evolution, which has progressed to rest in the last few days. In the previous days he also refers chest pain with anginal characteristics with small efforts. On examination, blood pressure of 110/80 mmHg, heart rate of 85 bpm and auscultation with a rough systolic murmur in the right second intercostal space and crackles in both lung bases. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Mitral insufficiency.', '2': 'Aortic stenosis.', '3': 'Aortic insufficiency.', '4': 'Dilated cardiomyopathy of ischemic origin.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["A 17-year-old girl with a few years' history of declining vision, photophobia, and dry eye symptoms was referred to our clinic. She noted that the vision in the right eye declined significantly over the past several months. On her last year examination, her uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVA) was recorded as 20/25 in both eyes with a corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) of 20/20 in both eyes with minimal refractive error, with a diagnosis of bilateral Salzmann nodular degeneration. The patient was given artificial tears and was encouraged to wear sunglasses. On examination now, UDVA was 20/70 in the right eye and 20/40 in the left eye. The manifest refraction was -2.00 + 1.25 × 96 in the right eye and -1.00 + 2.00× 34 in the left eye, with a CDVA of 20/50 and 20/30, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed superficial reticular stromal scar with clear intervening spaces involving the anterior 75 μm of the stromal cornea in the central 6.0 mm optical zone (Figure 1).JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure1/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiffJOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure2/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiff The rest of the anterior and posterior segment examination was completely normal and noncontributory. Anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) revealed subepithelial lesion involving the central aspect of the cornea in the right eye more than that in the left eye (Figure 2). Family history was significant for an older sister with a similar problem who never required medical attention. She also has mild photophobia and dry eye symptoms. What is your differential diagnosis? What diagnostic test will help you in your diagnosis and clinical decision-making? What is the most likely diagnosis in this case? Do you recommend medical and/or surgical intervention in the right eye, realizing that there has been exacerbation of her ocular condition in the most recent year? What is the long-term prognosis and future plan for a patient with this potential condition?", "Pneumothorax is an extrapulmonary air accumulation within the pleural space between the lung and chest wall. Once pneumothorax acquires tension physiology, it turns into a potentially lethal condition requiring prompt surgical intervention. Common symptoms are chest pain and dyspnea; hence an electrocardiogram (ECG) is often performed in emergent settings. However, early diagnosis of pneumothorax remains challenging since chest pain and dyspnea are common symptomatology in various life-threatening emergencies, often leading to overlooked or delayed diagnosis. While the majority of left-sided pneumothorax-related ECG abnormalities have been reported, right-sided pneumothorax-related ECG abnormalities remain elucidated. A 51-year-old man presented to the emergency department with acute-onset chest pain and dyspnea. Upon initial examination, the patient had a blood pressure of 98/68\xa0mmHg, tachycardia of 100 beats/min, tachypnea of 28 breaths/min, and oxygen saturation of 94% on ambient air. Chest auscultation revealed decreased breath sounds on the right side. ECG revealed sinus tachycardia, phasic voltage variation of QRS complexes in V4-6, P-pulmonale, and vertical P-wave axis. Chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) scans confirmed a large right-sided pneumothorax. The patient's symptoms, all the ECG abnormalities, and increased heart rate on the initial presentation resolved following an emergent tube thoracostomy. Moreover, we found that these ECG abnormalities consisted of two independent factors: respiratory components and the diaphragm level. Besides, CT scans demonstrated the large bullae with a maximum diameter of 46\u2009×\u200949\xa0mm in the right lung apex. Finally, the patient showed complete recovery with a thoracoscopic bullectomy. Herein, we describe a case of a large right-sided primary spontaneous pneumothorax with characteristic ECG findings that resolved following re-expansion of the lung. Our case may shed new light on the mechanisms underlying ECG abnormalities associated with a large right-sided pneumothorax. Moreover, ECG manifestations may provide useful information to suspect a large pneumothorax or tension pneumothorax in emergent settings where ECGs are performed on patients with acute chest pain and dyspnea.", "A 29-year old man was admitted to the intensive care unit after losing consciousness. On physical examination, a loud systolic murmur over the heart was found. Echocardiography revealed narrowing of pulmonary artery with high pressure gradient. Computed tomography of the chest revealed the presence of large tumour localised in the upper anterior mediastinum. Due to the risk of total closure of the pulmonary artery, interventional mediastinotomy was performed and diagnosis of carcinoma embryonale was established. Subsequent chemotherapy (BEP regimen) has brought regression of tumour and significant improvement in haemodynamic parameters (relief of pressure gradient in pulmonary artery). During the second surgery, the resection of all accessible tumour mass together with marginal resection of the right upper lobe was performed. No signs of cardiac or great vessels infiltration was found. Histopathologic examination revealed the necrotic masses and neoplastic foci diagnosed as teratoma immaturum. In a four-month follow-up the patient's condition remained good. The patient is still under the care of both oncological and cardiological specialists. Thus far he has not required further chemotherapy. Holter ECG monitoring revealed no arrhythmia, but the patient is still treated with mexiletine. The patient is planning to return to work. ", 'A 3-month-old female intact Maltese dog, was referred for further investigation and management of a patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), which was diagnosed with a grade V murmur during thoracic auscultation and a palpable thrill in the left third intercostal space during routine vaccination. Echocardiographic findings included left ventricle dilatation, high velocity continuous ductal flow in the pulmonary valve and a patent ductus arteriosus. Hematological and biochemical abnormalities were not detected. A left forth intercostal thoracotomy was performed and during dissection, the medial wall of the duct was perforated resulting in hemorrhage. Digital pressure was applied over the ductus and bleeding ceased. An attempt for further dissection aggravated bleeding so it was decided to abandon surgery and to reoperate the dog using a different technique. Three months after surgery a second procedure was scheduled. A Jackson-Henderson technique was chosen for the ductus ligation, which was completed through a left fourth intercostal thoracotomy and the dog was discharged 2 days postoperatively. The dog was reexamined at 2 and 8 months after surgery and found with no clinical evidence of heart disease. In conclusion the Jackson-Henderson technique was used in the second surgery for closure of the ductus in order to avoid dissection of the medial aspect of the ductus, where adhesions were formed and the dog was free of clinical signs of heart disease 2 and 8 months postoperatively.', 'Traumatic diaphragmatic injury is known to present with the spectrum of symptoms, and most patients would have some symptoms due to abdominal organ herniation. Majority of injuries tend to present on the left hemidiaphragm but right-sided injuries also occur mostly with subtle, delayed presentation due to the buffering effect of the liver. A 65-year-old male presented to the emergency department with a complaint of nausea and vomiting and reported no bowel movement or passing of flatus for 5\u2009days. Upon further questioning, he recalled that he fell from a tractor while working in his farm 2\u2009months earlier and sustained blunt trauma to his abdomen. Both chest and abdominal X-rays revealed the niveau formation of the small intestine on the right side above the liver and right hemidiaphragm. Further evaluation with CT scan confirmed the presence of a few small intestinal loops behind the liver and also in the chest through a rupture in the right hemidiaphragm. Exploratory laparotomy was performed. Some small intestine loops had gone behind the liver and through 4\u2009cm rupture in the posterior aspect of the diaphragm into the chest. Displaced intestinal loops were relocated and no sign of ischemia or necrosis was observed. The patient was symptom-free within 2\u2009days and he was discharged after 4\xa0days. Traumatic injuries of the diaphragm are rare, yet underestimated; therefore, they need a high index of suspicion for timely diagnosis and neglected diagnosis may present with a range of symptoms such as herniation months to years later.']}
{'id': 257, 'question': 'In a 30-year-old female patient a calcium level of 11 mg/dl (normal less than 10.5 mg/dl) is found during a routine company examination. PTH determination was 45 pg/ml (VN 10-55 pg/ml). The history is unremarkable except for the fact that the mother and paternal grandfather were diagnosed with hyperparathyroidism and underwent surgery, although they remained hypercalcemic. Which test is most useful in confirming the diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': '25-OH D.', '2': '1,25-OH 2D.', '3': 'Urine calcium/creatinine ratio.', '4': 'Phosphate tubular reabsorption.', '5': 'PTHrP.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Primary hyperparathyroidism is a disease caused by the secretion of excess parathyroid hormone (PTH) owing to the enlargement of the parathyroid gland. Ectopic parathyroid glands exist in the mediastinum in approximately 1-2% of cases, which is relatively rare. Intraoperative monitoring of serum PTH level is important to assess whether the source of hyperparathyroidism has been eliminated. A 53-year-old asymptomatic woman was diagnosed with ectopic mediastinal parathyroid adenoma. A three-port robotic partial resection of the thymus containing the tumor was attempted, but bleeding from a swollen pericardial diaphragmatic vein led to the addition of an assist port along the way. The PTH level was measured intraoperatively. After confirming that the 15-min PTH level after removal of the tumor was less than 50% of the baseline value, the operation was completed. The tumor was positive for PTH and was diagnosed as an ectopic mediastinal parathyroid adenoma. Some small ectopic parathyroid gland tissues were observed in other parts of the thymic tissue. Serum calcium and PTH levels decreased and normalized. We report the usefulness of robotic resection for ectopic mediastinal parathyroid adenoma with PTH monitoring. However, histopathologically, small parathyroid gland tissues may remain in the surrounding thymus. Hence, we believe that a strict follow-up is required for parathyroid function in the future.', 'To determine the sensitivity and specificity of ultrasound (US)-guided fine-needle aspiration (FNA) and measurement of parathyroid hormone (PTH) in the aspirate (FNA/PTH) as a preoperative localization procedure. The study group consisted of 34 consecutive patients with primary hyperparathyroidism. The FNA/PTH estimations in these patients were compared with those from 13 proven thyroid nodules. All patients underwent US study of the neck, which suggested the presence of a solitary adenoma in 30 patients and of hyperplasia in 2; no adenoma or hyperplasia could be visualized in 2 patients. Thirty-two patients underwent FNA/PTH, which yielded a mean PTH level of 22,060.0 +/- 6,653.0 pg/mL. This result was significantly different (P&lt;0.001) from the mean PTH level in 13 thyroid nodules (9.0 +/- 1.0 pg/mL). On the basis of the FNA/PTH results, 28 patients with suspected adenomas underwent minimally invasive parathyroidectomy (MIP), and 2 patients are awaiting a surgical procedure. Of these 28 patients, 27 had more than a 50% decline in intraoperative PTH level after removal of the suspected adenoma, confirming surgical success. In 1 patient, multigland hyperplasia was discovered during the operation. The 2 study subjects with US findings of suspected hyperplasia underwent 4-gland surgical procedures. All patients treated surgically continued to have normal serum calcium levels 6 to 18 months postoperatively. Primary hyperparathyroidism is caused most commonly by a solitary adenoma and less commonly by multigland hyperplasia of the parathyroid glands. Surgical resection is the only curative therapy. MIP has become a frequently used strategy, but there are limitations to current preoperative localization techniques. We conclude that US-guided FNA is a useful technique that facilitates MIP, with a high degree of specificity (95%) and sensitivity (91%).', 'Hyperparathyroidism was described initially in the mid 1920s in patients suffering from a rare and severe form of bone disease, osteitis fibrosa cystica. In the 1940s and 1950s renal stone disease was recognized as a far more frequent complication of primary hyperparathyroidism than bone disease, and approximately half of the patients with primary hyperparathyroidism in clinical series published through the 1970s presented with renal stones. The introduction of routine determination of serum calcium concentration in the mid 1970s has had a dramatic impact on the frequency with which primary hyperparathyroidism is diagnosed in the population, particularly in older individuals with predominantly nonspecific symptoms of the disease. Stone complications appear to occur in less than 10 per cent of such patients. Underlying primary hyperparathyroidism is diagnosed in approximately 1 to 5 per cent of the patients with calcium stone disease. The predominant risk factor for stone formation in primary hyperparathyroidism is hypercalciuria, and patients typically present with moderate to marked hypercalciuria but with only mild hypercalcemia, in the range of 11 mg. per dl. or less. Hypercalciuria in these patients is principally the result of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-mediated hyperabsorption of calcium from the intestine. The pattern of hypercalciuria disproportionate to the degree of hypercalcemia that typifies patients with primary hyperparathyroidism and stone disease reaches an extreme degree in patients with so-called subtle or normocalcemic primary hyperparathyroidism, in whom diagnosis by routine techniques may be difficult. Parathyroid exploration remains the treatment of choice in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism and stone complications.', 'Parathyroid carcinoma is the least frequent malignancy among endocrine tumors. In the most reported series of patients with primary hyperparathyroidism the incidence of carcinoma is less than 1%. Racognition by a surgeon that the parathyroid tumor is malignant, and the performance of an adequate en bloc removal of primary lesion, with histologic diagnosis offer the best treatment of a patient with this unusual malignancy. We reported a 30-year-old patient with parathyroid carcinoma, primary hyperparathyroidism, and recurrent nephrocalcinosis. Marked hypercalcemia, low serum phosphorus, and substantial elevation of serum parathyroid hormone indicated a diagnosis of primary hiperparathyroidism. General symptoms were anorexia, muscle weakness, back pain and depression. Ultrasonography done before the surgery revealed a 2 cm upper left parathyroid gland with solid and cystic areas. The neck exploration was done with en block resection of the tumor. A histopathological evaluation confirmed the diagnosis of parathyroid carcinoma. Over more than a three-year-follow-up, the patient had no evidence of the disease recurrence and his serum PTH and calcium levels remained within the normal. Parathyroid carcinoma is a rare cause of primary hyperparathyroidism. Preoperative diagnosis remains a challenge. Radical en bloc resection of the tumor is the treatment of choice for this malignancy.', "Hypoparathyroidism is a frequent and serious complication of thyroid surgery. Identification and preservation of the parathyroid glands are key factors in managing hypoparathyroidism. The aim of the present study was to investigate the efficacy of rapid intraoperative parathyroid hormone (rIO-PTH) assay levels through fine needle aspiration (FNA) in identifying parathyroids as a parameter in thyroid surgery. rIO-PTH assay through FNA and frozen section examination were performed on 194 suspected parathyroids anatomical structures from 50 consecutive patients undergoing thyroidectomy (rIO-PTH group). The association between the rIO-PTH values and histological results were analyzed. Clinical effects were compared between the rIO-PTH and control groups from 50 patients undergoing a similar standard surgery. rIO-PTH levels from 93/194 aspirated anatomical structures certified as parathyroid tissues by histological analysis were demonstrated to have a mean of 3,369 pg/ml (range, 145.2-5,000 pg/ml). These values were significantly increased compared with the mean value of 25.7 pg/ml from non-parathyroids tissues significantly (P&lt;0.001). The mean number of 3.76 on the recognized parathyroids was obtained by naked eye measurements combined with rIO-PTH assay through FNA, was significantly higher than compared with only naked eye measurements (P&lt;0.05). Postoperative permanent or transient hypoparathyroidism was not detected in the rIO-PTH groups. The difference between the postoperative serum calcium level and blood PTH values of rIO-PTH and control groups was not statistically significant (P&gt;0.05). The value of rIO-PTH assay through FNA demonstrated that it is a good parameter for differentiating parathyroids and non-parathyroids tissues. The technique is a highly reliable, quick, simple and non-invasive method with a short learning curve in thyroid surgery, which is particularly valuable for inexperienced surgeons. This method may replace frozen section examination, which relies on a surgeon's personal experience on the basis of topographic or morphologic criteria for recognizing parathyroids."]}
{'id': 548, 'question': 'A 58-year-old male with a history of arterial hypertension of 6 years of evolution, who consults for poor control of blood pressure figures despite receiving treatment with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, a diuretic and a calcium antagonist. On consultation she presented with blood pressure of 149/100 mmHg. Laboratory tests: creatinine 1.2 mg/dl, potassium 2.2 mEq/l and compensated metabolic alkalosis; the rest of the biochemical study, blood count, coagulation and urinary sediment were normal. Mark the correct statement:', 'options': {'1': 'The origin of hypertension in this case is excessive aldosterone secretion caused by autonomic hyperfunction of the adrenal medulla.', '2': 'In most cases the anatomical substrate is bilateral hyperplasia of the adrenal cortex.', '3': 'CT scan is part of the diagnostic study in case of biochemical confirmation.', '4': 'Spironolactone is contraindicated in the management of this pathology.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['The patient, a 78-year-old Asian male, was brought to the hospital because of acute shortness of breath that had progressively worsened over the course of the day. He complained of a nonproductive cough and claudication after walking 1 block. His past medical history was significant for mild renal insufficiency (serum creatinine 1.5--2.0 mg/dl), the etiology of which was never explored. Although there was a recent history of mild to moderate hypertension, at presentation his blood pressure was noted to be 240/118 mm Hg in both arms. His physical exam at the time of admission was remarkable for grade II hypertensive retinopathy, an S4 gallop, periumbilical systolic bruits, audible femoral arterial bruits and absent distal lower extremity pulses. Initial complete blood count, serum electrolytes and cardiac enzymes (including lactate dehydrogenase) were normal. His blood urea nitrogen and serum creatinine concentrations were 51 and 3.6 mg/dl, respectively, and his urinalysis showed 1+ protein (both by dipstick and sulfasalicylic acid) with a "benign" sediment (0--1 WBC/HPE, 1--2 RBCs/HPF) with occasional granular casts. His electrocardiogram, apart from demonstrating left ventricular hypertrophy with secondary ST-T wave abnormalities, showed no acute changes; his chest X-ray demonstrated cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. He was intubated and subsequently treated with increasing parenteral doses of furosemide (40--240 mg) and a nitroglycerine drip (up to 15 mcg/min). Over the course of the first 48 h, his blood pressure was gradually lowered to 170/100 mm Hg. His urine output increased from 20 ml/h to 125/ml/h, and his respiratory status improved, allowing him to be extubated. In spite of adequate control of his blood pressure in the ensuing days (150--170/80--90 mm Hg), his renal function continued to deteriorate. Renal sonography (without Doppler) demonstrated a right kidney of 9.6 cm and a left kidney of 9.3 cm in length without evidence of hydronephrosis. Both kidneys were noted to be echogenic. Assays for antinuclear antibodies and antineutrophilic cytoplasmic antibodies were negative, and the patient\'s serum complement levels were normal. For several days after his admission, his serum creatinine gradually rose to 10.7 mg/dl, and hemodialysis was initiated for uremic encephalopathy. Because of the high index of suspicion for renal artery stenosis as the case of both his hypertension and renal failure, a renal angiogram was performed. It revealed a 90% occlusion of the right renal artery with ostial involvement and a 70% occlusion of the left renal artery; both kidneys had poor distal renal vasculature and there was marked atherosclerotic disease of the aorta. After being hemodialyzed for 3 treatments, his renal function began to improve spontaneously. His serum creatinine returned to 3.4 mg/dl, and a subsequent 24-hour urine demonstrated a creatinine clearance of 20 ml/min and an excretion of 1.2 g of protein. Following his discharge from the hospital, his renal function remained unchanged for 3 years, and his blood pressure was easily controlled on monotherapy with a long-acting calcium channel blocker. He recently died from pneumonia.', 'We describe a case of mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis (MesPGN), the clinical symptoms of which were exacerbated by aldosterone-producing adenoma (APA). A 45-year-old man, who had had a history of hypertension for several years, presented with renal derangement, with serum creatinine at its upper normal limit and with microhematuria and proteinuria. He also presented with hypokalemia, with a plasma aldosterone concentration at its upper normal limit and plasma renin activity at its lower normal limit. After the administration of spironolactone, we resected his left adrenal gland, which had a nodular lesion as well as aldosterone hypersecretion. The treatment normalized his arterial blood pressure and serum potassium concentration. Although his proteinuria disappeared with the reduction in arterial blood pressure, the microhematuria continued. The administration of losartan because of the histological finding of MesPGN reduced the amount of hematuria. A dissociated response of hematuria and proteinuria to antihypertensive treatment indicated that MesPGN was coincidental with APA.', 'We report the case of a 16-month-old boy who presented with chronic vomiting, failure to thrive, arterial hypertension and medullary nephrocalcinosis. Laboratory results revealed hypokalaemia, metabolic alkalosis, increased urinary potassium excretion and a hyporeninaemic hypoaldosteronism. Chromatographic determination of urinary steroid metabolites showed an abnormal elevation of tetrahydrocortisol and allo-tetrahydrocortisol compared to tetrahydrocortisone; this pattern of urinary steroid excretion is essential for the diagnosis of the syndrome of apparent mineralocorticoid excess type 1 and believed to be a result of the underlying metabolic defect, a decreased activity of the 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase. A second variant, called syndrome of apparent mineralocorticoid excess type 2, has similar clinical features but lacks the typical urinary steroid profile. Therapy with spironolactone resulted in growth, weight gain and blood pressure control.', 'Endothelin plays an important role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The aim of the study was to evaluate the safety and hemodynamic and metabolic responses to 6 months treatment with atrasentan, the selective endothelin-A receptor antagonist. Seventy-two patients with multiple cardiovascular risk factors and nonobstructive coronary artery disease on coronary angiogram were randomly assigned in a double-blind manner to atrasentan or placebo. Mean aortic blood pressure decreased from 92+/-10 to 80+/-10 mm Hg (P&lt;0.001) in the atrasentan group and did not change in the placebo group (93+/-10 and 92+/-11 mm Hg; P=0.84). The difference between the groups was significant (P&lt;0.001). No effect on heart rate was observed. In a subgroup of patients not treated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, creatinine level decreased in the atrasentan versus the placebo group (P=0.011). Fasting glucose (P=0.026), glycosylated hemoglobin level (P=0.041), triglyceride l (P=0.013), lipoprotein-A (P=0.046), and uric acid levels (P=0.048) decreased significantly in the atrasentan group compared with the placebo group. No progression of angiographic coronary disease was observed. The most common adverse effects with atrasentan were nasal stuffiness, headache, and edema. In conclusion, 6 months of treatment with atrasentan results in a reduction of blood pressure and improvement in glucose and lipid metabolism. These findings suggest the beneficial role of atrasentan in the treatment of hypertension and metabolic syndrome.', 'The aim of this study was to investigate a significance of increased proteinuria in the morning and the effects of antihypertensive treatment on proteinuria and arterial blood pressure in the progression of chronic renal insufficiency in type 2 diabetic patients with hypertension and nephropathy. In three 24-hr urine samples and blood pressure monitoring, separated into a night-and daytime and spot urine in the morning, variation in protein-creatinine ratio (g/g) and blood pressure were assessed in 24 (58 +/- 3 years old; M/F: 17/7) diabetic patients with hypertension and nephropathy. Furthermore, the effects of antihypertensive therapy of combinations of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, calcium antagonists, diuretics, and alpha1 blocker were evaluated in 3 years. Home blood pressure measurement was carried out every month and 24-hr urine was collected every 2 months. The baseline urine excretion of protein-creatinine ratio and blood pressure were (1.22 +/- 0.13 g/g creatinine: 154/96 +/- 6/5 mmHg) in daytime and (1.39 +/- 0.13: 168/88 +/- 15/7) in the morning. At the end of the study, significant associations among a decline of 24-hr creatinine clearance and both of the urine excretion of protein-creatinine ratio (r = 0.47, p &lt; .01) and the levels of systolic blood pressure (r = 0.46, p &lt; .01) and between the levels of systolic blood pressure and the urine excretion of protein-creatinine ratio in the morning (r = 0.57, p &lt; .001) were demonstrated. However, there were no significant associations among other variables. Analysis of patients who had systolic blood pressure in the morning less than 140 mmHg revealed that 65% of these patients received doxazosin-averaged doses of 4.8 +/- 1.5 mg daily. The levels of both blood pressure and proteinuria-creatinine ratio in the morning mainly associate with progression of renal function in diabetic patients with hypertension and nephropathy.']}
{'id': 318, 'question': 'You evaluate a 66-year-old patient with groin pain accentuated by prolonged standing for a few days per month. A plain radiograph of the hips shows narrowing of the femoroacetabular joint space, sclerosis and ostephytes.', 'options': {'1': 'I make the diagnosis of coxarthrosis and send to the traumatologist to place a hip prosthesis.', '2': 'Start treatment with weak opioids that have shown evidence in stopping the progression of the disease.', '3': 'Treatment with paracetamol, explaining that the evolution is very variable and the surgical indication depends on the functionality and pain control.', '4': 'Because of the radiological features described, I need a hip MRI before making a therapeutic decision.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ["<iObjective</i. To assess the impact of a computerized system on physicians' accuracy and agreement rate, as compared with unaided diagnosis. <iMethods</i. A set of 124 unilateral knee radiographs from the Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) study were analyzed by a computerized method with regard to Kellgren-Lawrence (KL) grade, as well as joint space narrowing, osteophytes, and sclerosis Osteoarthritis Research Society International (OARSI) grades. Physicians scored all images, with regard to osteophytes, sclerosis, joint space narrowing OARSI grades and KL grade, in 2 modalities: through a plain radiograph (<iunaided</i) and a radiograph presented together with the report from the computer assisted detection system (<iaided</i). Intraclass correlation between the physicians was calculated for both modalities. Furthermore, physicians' performance was compared with the grading of the OAI study, and accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity were calculated in both modalities for each of the scored features. <iResults</i. Agreement rates for KL grade, sclerosis, and osteophyte OARSI grades, were statistically increased in the aided versus the unaided modality. Readings for joint space narrowing OARSI grade did not show a statistically difference between the 2 modalities. Readers' accuracy and specificity for KL grade &gt;0, KL &gt;1, sclerosis OARSI grade &gt;0, and osteophyte OARSI grade &gt;0 was significantly increased in the aided modality. Reader sensitivity was high in both modalities. <iConclusions</i. These results show that the use of an automated knee OA software increases consistency between physicians when grading radiographic features of OA. The use of the software also increased accuracy measures as compared with the OAI study, mostly through increases in specificity.", 'Anterior bilateral temporomandibular joint dislocation is not an uncommon occurrence and has been reported before. However, its diagnosis can easily be overlooked, especially by clinicians who are unfamiliar with this pathology. Continuous discussion of the pathology is required to prevent delays in diagnosis, which can lead to long-term sequelae for the patient. We present the case of a 66-year-old Somali woman who experienced a bilateral anterior temporomandibular joint dislocation after a general anesthetic for an exploratory laparotomy for excision of a pelvic sarcoma. She first presented in the intensive care unit with preauricular pain and an inability to close her mouth, and was initially misdiagnosed and treated for a muscle spasm. The cause of her misdiagnosis was multifactorial - opioid-related sedation, language and cultural barrier, and unfamiliarity with the pathology. Her diagnosis was proven 18 hours after the completion of surgery with a plain X-ray. A manual closed reduction was performed with minimal sedation by oral surgery. We provided an in-depth discussion of temporomandibular joint dislocation and suggest a simple test that would prevent delayed diagnosis of temporomandibular joint dislocation in any patient undergoing general anesthesia. A normal mandibular excursion should be tested in every patient after surgery in the postoperative care unit, by asking the patient to open and close their mouth during the immediate postoperative recovery period or passively performing the range of motion test.', 'Capoeira is a Brazilian martial art that requires extreme movements of the hip to perform jumps and kicks. This study evaluated a group of capoeira players to assess the prevalence of femoroacetabular impingement (FAI) in athletes practicing this martial art. Twenty-four experienced capoeira players (14 men, 10 women) underwent a diagnostic assessment, including clinical examination and standard radiographs of the pelvis and hips. The α-angle, head-neck offset, crossover sign, acetabular index, lateral centre-edge angle, and the Tönnis grade were assessed using the radiographs. Clinical relationships for any radiographic abnormalities indicating FAI were also evaluated. Four subjects (17 %) reported pain in their hips. Forty-four hips (91.7 %) had at least one radiographic sign of CAM impingement, and 22 (45.8 %) had an α-angle of more than 60°. Eighteen hips (37.5 %) had at least one sign of pincer impingement and 16 (33.3 %) a positive crossover sign. Sixteen hips (33.3 %) had mixed impingement. There was a significant positive association between having an α-angle of more than 60° and the presence of groin pain (P = 0.002). A reduced femoral head-neck offset (P &lt; 0.001) and an increased α-angle on the anteroposterior radiograph (P = 0.008) were independently associated with a higher Tönnis grade. High prevalence of radiographic CAM-type FAI among these skilled capoeira players was found. In these subjects, a negative clinical correlation for an increased α-angle was also detected. Additional caution should be exercised whenever subjects with past or present hip pain engage in capoeira.', 'The current literature on femoroacetabular impingement (FAI) is focused on acetabular orientation and femoral head asphericity, with little emphasis on the effect of version of the femoral neck. A biomechanical model was developed to determine the causative effect, if any, of femoral retroversion on hip contact stress and, if present, delineate the type of FAI with femoral neck retroversion. Five pairs of cadaveric hips (n\u2009=\u200910) were tested by loading the hip in 90° of flexion and measured the peak joint pressure and the location of the peak joint pressure. The experiment was repeated after performing a subtrochanteric osteotomy and retroverting the proximal femur by 10°. Ten hips were successfully tested, with one hip excluded due to an outlier value for peak joint pressure. Retroversion of the proximal femur significantly increased the magnitude of mean peak joint pressure. With retroversion, the location of the peak joint pressure was shifted posteroinferiorly in all cases. In conclusion, femoral neck retroversion increases peak joint pressure in the flexed position and may act as a cause of femoroacetabular impingement. The location of peak joint pressure suggests a pincer-type impingement with retroversion. The version of femoral neck should be assessed as a possible causative factor in patients with FAI, especially those with pincer-type impingement. ', '[Purpose] Osteopoikilosis is a rare hereditary bone disease that is usually asymptomatic. It is generally diagnosed incidentally on plain radiography. The coexistence of osteopoikilosis with seronegative spondyloarthritis or spinal stenosis is rarely reported. Here, we report the case of a 27-year-old male patient with osteopoikilosis, seronegative spondyloarthritis, and spinal stenosis. [Subject] A 27-year-old male patient with buttock pain and back pain radiating to the legs. [Methods] A plain anteroposterior radiograph of the pelvis revealed numerous round and oval sclerotic bone areas of varying size. Investigation of the knee joints showed similar findings, and the patient was diagnosed with osteopoikilosis. Lumbar magnetic resonance images showed spinal stenosis and degenerative changes in his lumbar facet joints. Magnetic resonance images of the sacroiliac joints showed bilateral involvement with narrowing of both sacroiliac joints, nodular multiple sclerotic foci, and contrast enhancement in both joint spaces and periarticular areas. HLA B-27 test was negative. [Results] The patient was diagnosed with osteopoikilosis, seronegative spondyloarthritis, and spinal stenosis. Treatment included asemetasin twice daily and exercise therapy. [Conclusion] Symptomatic patients with osteopoikilosis should be investigated for other possible coexisting medical conditions; this will shorten the times to diagnosis and treatment. ']}
{'id': 147, 'question': 'A 19-year-old female university student comes to the clinic accompanied by her parents, reporting feeling progressively more asthenic in the last two months, with loss of appetite and weight and with greater difficulty in concentrating on her studies. The anamnesis also highlights that she has lost interest in going out with friends, has ideas of death without self-harming ideation and pessimistic cognitions of the future. Her weight is 90% of that considered ideal for age and gender. She does not present weight phobia or body image distortion. The most appropriate diagnosis is:', 'options': {'1': 'Anorexia nervosa.', '2': 'Anxiety disorder.', '3': 'Borderline personality disorder.', '4': 'Dysthymia.', '5': 'Major depressive disorder.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['The prevalence of obesity in the United States has increased, with approximately one third of American men and women considered obese. Obese individuals who seek weight reduction frequently lose weight with the goal of returning to their ideal body weight. For the majority of obese persons, however, reaching their ideal body weight is an unattainable goal, few people are able to maintain even more modest weight losses over the long term. The result is that many obese persons end up feeling frustrated, if not defeated, by their weight loss efforts. Recent weight loss treatment recommendations have focused on helping patients lose 5%-10% of their body weight and maintaining these losses for longer durations. These more modest losses frequently are associated with reductions in obesity-related comorbidities and improvements in psychological status. The practitioner assisting obese individuals with weight reduction is presented with a variety of treatment options, including behavioral programs, pharmacotherapy, and low-calorie diets. Each of these approaches has been shown to be effective in producing the 5%-10% weight losses now recommended. A combination of these approaches, such as the use of pharmacotherapy with a behavioral modification program, ultimately may prove to be the most effective treatment for obese persons. We review the new weight loss recommendations and provide suggestions for assessing patients for weight loss treatment. We also discuss both existing and new treatment options and focus on their application in a primary care setting.', 'Persistent genital arousal disorder (PGAD) is a clinical syndrome characterized by persistent unwanted feelings of sexual arousal that are not associated with any specific sexual arousal or stimulus. The severity of symptoms range from mild to severe distress that interrupts daily life for patients. We present a 44-year-old previously healthy woman who developed PGAD after involvement in a motor vehicle accident in 2018. After sustaining lower spinal trauma, 3 months later, she began to experience intermittent tingling feelings in her clitoris. She noticed that exacerbations in back pain were also associated with PGAD symptoms. These symptoms progressively worsened to which she was constantly feeling as if she was on the verge of an orgasm. Her quality of life was severely diminished for 3 months, after which she presented to gynecology. Treatment of lidocaine patches applied to the sacrum were found to completely eliminate the feelings of clitoral stimulation. She also began physical therapy for the residual back pain. One year after initiation of treatment, she has experienced significant improvement in both the back pain and PGAD symptoms. Her quality of life is much improved and plans on continuing a treatment plan of lidocaine patches and physical therapy. Recognition of PGAD in women is important for clinicians as that it can go undiagnosed for long periods of time and can interfere with quality of life for patients.', 'Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a congenital chromosomal disorder characterized by compulsive hyperphagia and the early development of obesity. Obesity is identified as the main cause of morbidity and mortality in PWS individuals. Thus, body weight reduction is of major importance for a prolonged survival. PATIENT-METHOD: A 20-year-old female patient with PWS was referred to our department for surgical treatment of her obesity. At admission, her body weight was 153 kg, and her body mass index (BMI) was 74.33 kg/m(2). The patient underwent biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch, as well as cholecystectomy and appendicectomy. The volume of the gastric remnant was 100 mL, and the lengths of the gastric and common limbs were 250 and 60 cm, respectively. Eighteen months after the operation, the patient lost 63 kg with no considerable changes in her eating habits. Her sleep disturbances and sleep apnea disappeared, and her social life dramatically improved. Biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch seems to be a good method for the treatment of PWS-associated obesity because it offers good results in weight loss without the need for revision, good quality of life, and a chance for a prolonged survival.', 'Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is a neurological entity characterized by seizures, headache, and reversible subcortical vasogenic edema. It is associated with many etiologies, most often hypertension, chronic renal failure, and chemotherapy. Hypercalcemia is rarely associated with PRES. The aim of this study is to describe and discuss a case of PRES that developed in a patient with malignant hypercalcemia, with emphasis on the possible pathophysiological mechanisms involved. A 38-year-old woman presented with altered mental status. She had a 2-month history of lumbar pain of moderate intensity, weight loss, and gastrointestinal complaints, in addition to a mass in her left breast. Her corrected serum calcium was 14.5 mg/dL. She was normotensive, had no focalizing signs, and her cerebrospinal fluid was normal. Despite treatment, her neurological state did not resolve, and she developed severe headaches at day 4 of her admission. Brain magnetic resonance imaging showed a bilateral and symmetric hyperintensity in the occipital and parietal lobes on T2-weighted and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery imaging, a characteristic highly suggestive of PRES. After correction of hypercalcemia, her symptoms and imaging abnormalities resolved. The development of PRES in the setting of severe hypercalcemia is extremely rare. Hypercalcemia could lead to PRES in the absence of hypertension by various mechanisms, including vasospasm, endothelial dysfunction, and an inflammatory state. A high index of suspicion is needed in this setting because hypercalcemia can lead to neurological symptomatology, and prompt diagnosis is essential for adequate treatment.', "The term postpartum psychosis refers to a group of severe and heterogeneous disorders with psychotic symptoms that occur most frequently in the context of a mood disorder during the postpartum period. We report a case of 'postpartum psychosis' possibly associated with postpartum thyroiditis in a 29 year-old woman. The appearance of psychotic symptoms was chronologically related to the onset of postpartum thyroiditis and resolution of psychosis synchronized with the achievement of biochemical euthyroidism. The patient had typical symptoms of 'classic postpartum psychosis' (a historical term not included in DSM-IV, but used frequently by many physicians to describe diagnostic and therapeutic challenges posed by puerperal psychoses). Three months postpartum, the patient began to believe that she was pregnant with the Christ child, although she was not pregnant. Her delusions resolved around the 'pregnancy' and harm to her 'unborn' child. She also believed that her child (Jesus) was going to be killed. Other key symptoms included hallucinations, mixed mood symptoms, agitation and transient disorientation. Her DSM-IV diagnosis on admission was major depression with psychotic features and her discharge diagnosis (most likely diagnosis) was psychotic disorder due to thyrotoxicosis caused by postpartum thyroiditis. The differential diagnosis of co-occurring psychosis and postpartum thyroiditis can be examined relative to four possibilities: (1) psychosis due to thyrotoxicosis caused by postpartum thyroiditis; (2) a coincidence (no association between psychosis and postpartum thyroiditis); (3) precipitation of psychotic symptoms and disorientation related to a postpartum thyroiditis in a woman with a pre-existing mood disorder; or (4) both psychosis and thyroiditis caused by a pre-existing defect in autoimmunity. The authors stress the importance of early diagnosis and prompt treatment of postpartum psychosis. They discuss the indications for thyroid screening in postpartum psychoses. Further research is needed to clarify the nosology and mechanisms of severe postpartum disorders and to elucidate treatment-relevant and etiologically-distinct subsets of postpartum psychosis."]}
{'id': 530, 'question': 'In a patient with known advanced chronic kidney disease (CKD G4, eGFR 20 ml/min) who comes to the emergency department for general weakness and is found to have severe hyperkalemia (K 7 mEq/l) with electrocardiographic abnormalities. What would be the first measure to take?', 'options': {'1': 'Administration of cation exchange resins.', '2': 'Placement of a catheter to initiate dialysis.', '3': 'Administration of intravenous calcium gluconate.', '4': 'Administration of oral furosemide.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Drug-induced hyperkalemia is not uncommon and may be life-threatening when presenting acutely in the emergency department. We present a case of severe hyperkalemia precipitated acutely by etoricoxib in a patient who was on telmisartan and a low sodium (potassium chloride-rich) diet. A 75-year-old male with a past medical history of well-controlled diabetes and hypertension was prescribed etoricoxib (90\xa0mg daily) for 3 days for musculoskeletal backache. He had been taking his routine medications including telmisartan and a potassium-rich salt substitute for many years, without any recent change in dosage or quantity. There was evidence of microalbuminurea; however, the renal functions and electrolytes prior to starting etoricoxib were normal. He presented to the emergency department with signs and symptoms of life-threatening hyperkalemia (serum potassium 7.7\xa0mEq/dl), accelerated hypertension, congestive heart failure, pulmonary edema and acute renal failure. Acute medical management and withholding all drugs that could cause hyperkalemia improved his serum potassium levels over 24 h and renal parameters within 5 days. All the other drugs except etoricoxib were restarted under observation over 8 weeks with no recurrence of the acute episode. Non-steroidal analgesics and other COX-2 inhibitors (rofecoxib and celecoxib) have been known to precipitate renal failure and hyperkalemia specially in patients at risk for the same; although not unexpected, this may be the first reported case of life-threatening hyperkalemia precipitated by etoricoxib in a previously stable patient having increased risk of renal failure and hyperkalemia.', "Systemic weakness is a common chief complaint of patients presenting to the emergency department (ED). A well thought out approach to the assessment and workup of these patients is key to diagnostic accuracy and definitive therapy. In this case, a 19-year-old female presented to the ED with generalized weakness and near syncope. She had global weakness in her extremities and multiple electrolyte abnormalities. This case takes the reader through the differential diagnosis and evaluation of a patient with weakness and profound electrolyte derangements. It includes a discussion of the diagnostic studies and calculations that ultimately led to the patient's diagnosis.", 'Anemia of chronic disease is a common feature in diabetes and chronic kidney disease. Hepcidin is the key element involved in iron metabolism; however, studies on new indices of iron status are still ongoing. The aim of the study was to assess novel iron parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in relation to kidney function. The study included 80 type 2 diabetic patients and 23 healthy volunteers. Standard laboratory measurements were used to measure the iron status, complete blood count, creatinine, the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), serum lipids, and brain natriuretic peptides (BNPs). Commercially available kits were used to measure hepcidin-25, the soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR), growth differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15), and hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha. Anemia was present in 65% of the studied patients. The control group was found to have significantly higher hepcidin, sTfR, and GDF-15, and lower hemoglobin and iron. When compared with patients with eGFR values ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m<sup2</sup and &lt;60 mL/min/1.73 m<sup2</sup, we found that patients with higher eGFR had higher hemoglobin, ferritin, and HIF-1 alpha, lower BNP, and were younger. We found that levels of HIF-1 alpha are negligible in the studied population and were related to age only in patients with eGFR values ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m<sup2</sup. A comprehensive assessment of iron status is rarely performed. Novel biomarkers of iron metabolism are not generally related to kidney function. Whether the assessment of HIF-1 alpha would be a marker of efficient anemia therapy with HIF-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitors is still a matter for further study.', 'Severe hyperkalemia may cause weakness that typically is ascending and symmetric. In an isolated case report, hemiplegia occurred after the development of hyperkalemia in a patient with a known central nervous system lesion. We describe a patient requiring long-term hemodialysis who had near-fatal hyperkalemia, hemiplegia, and rhabdomyolysis after abuse of crack cocaine. The hemiplegia resolved after normalization of serum potassium using emergency dialysis. No brain lesion could be identified during computed tomography or by electroencephalography, and the patient had no residual neurologic deficits. We conclude that this patient had hemiplegia secondary to cocaine-induced cerebral vasoconstriction because no structural lesion could be found and that the neurologic deficit was worsened by severe hyperkalemia, which probably resulted from cocaine-induced rhabdomyolysis. Hence, despite the absence of a structural lesion of the brain, severe hyperkalemia, typically associated with symmetric, ascending muscle weakness, may contribute to causing focal weakness in the condition of cocaine-induced vasoconstriction.', 'Lithium-induced nephropathy is a known long-term complication, sometimes limiting the use of lithium as mood stabilizer. The aim of this study is to establish the incidence of chronic kidney disease and the rate of decline of renal function in patients using lithium and to identify risk factors. We selected 1012 patients treated with lithium from the laboratory database of the Antes Centre for Mental Health Care spanning a period from 2000 to 2015. Serum lithium and creatinine concentrations were retrieved and eGFR was calculated using the 4-variable CKD-EPI formula. We calculated the incidence of renal insufficiency and the rate of decline. We compared patients with and without chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 3 regarding duration of lithium exposure. Incidence of chronic kidney disease was 0.012 cases per exposed patient-year. Average decline of eGFR was 1.8\xa0ml/min/year in patients who developed chronic kidney disease stage 3. Incidence of chronic kidney disease stage 4 was only 0.0004 per patient year. No cases of end stage renal disease were found in this cohort. Odds of reaching chronic kidney disease stage 3 were increased with longer duration of lithium exposure. The use of lithium seems to be related to a higher incidence of chronic kidney disease. Longer duration of lithium exposure significantly increased the risk of renal failure.']}
{'id': 494, 'question': 'A 26-year-old woman consults for a feeling of generalized weakness that has progressively set in over the course of three weeks, becoming particularly intense in the last two days. For the last couple of years, she reports episodes of joint pain in the hands that have required the use of anti-inflammatory drugs, as well as the appearance of an erythematous lesion of unclear cause in the neckline area, mainly in summer. In the physical examination there was only an evident cutaneous-mucosal pallor and a heart rate of 100 bpm. The hemogram shows: Hb 6 gr/dL, Hto 27 %, MCV 105 fL, 3,420 leukocytes/mm3 (2300 neutrophils/mm3, 800 lymphocytes/mm3, 250 monocytes/mm3, 50 eosinophils/mm3, 20 basophils/mm3), platelets 170,000/mm3. Biochemistry: AST 30 IU/L, ALT 35 IU/L, GGT 59 IU/L, alkaline phosphatase 105 IU/L, LDH 490 IU/L, urea 20 mg/dL, creatinine 0.8 mg/dL. Taking into account the available information, indicate which of the following additional analytical parameters you would need to know in order to make the most appropriate immediate decision:', 'options': {'1': 'Vitamin B12.', '2': 'Antinuclear antibodies.', '3': "Direct Coombs' test.", '4': 'Anti-DNA antibodies.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['This study aims to compare liver function indices (aspartate aminotransferase [AST], alanine aminotransferase [ALT], and gamma glutamyl transferase [GGT]) among males who work with lead, organic solvents, or both lead and organic solvents, under the permissible exposure limit (PEL). A total of 593 (out of 2,218) male workers who agreed to share their personal health information for medical research were selected for this study. Those excluded were hepatitis B carriers, individuals exposed to occupational risk factors other than lead and organic solvents, and individuals without liver function results. The 593 were divided into five groups: a lead-exposed group, an organic solvent-exposed group exposed to trichloroethylene (TCE co-exposed solvent group), an organic solvent-exposed group not exposed to trichloroethylene (TCE non-exposed solvent group), a lead and organic solvent-exposed group (mixed exposure group), and a non-exposed group (control group).We performed a one way-analysis of variance (one way-ANOVA) test to compare the geometric means of liver function indices among the groups, using a general linear model (GLM) to adjust for age, work duration, body mass index (BMI), smoking, and alcohol intake. In addition, we performed a binary logistic regression analysis to compare the odds ratios among groups with an abnormal liver function index, according to a cut-off value. The ALT and AST of the mixed exposure group were higher than those of the other groups. The GGT of the mixed exposure group was higher than the TCE co-exposed solvent group, but there was no difference among the control group, TCE non-exposed solvent group, lead-exposed group, and mixed exposure group. The same result was evident after adjusting by GLM for age, work duration, BMI, smoking, and alcohol intake, except that ALT from the mixed exposure group showed no difference from the TCE co-exposed solvent group.When the cut-off values of the AST, ALT, and GGT were 40 IU/L, 42 IU/L, and 63 IU/L, respectively, a logistic regression analysis showed no differences in the odds ratios of those who had an abnormal liver function index among the groups. However, if the cut-off values of the AST, ALT, and GGT were 30 IU/L, 30 IU/L, and 40 IU/L, respectively, the odds ratio of the AST in the mixed exposure group was 4.39 (95% CI 1.86-10.40) times higher than the control. This study indicates that a mixed exposure to lead and organic solvents is dangerous, even if each single exposure is safe under the permissible exposure limit. Therefore, to ensure occupational health and safety in industry, a continuous efforts to study the effects from exposure to mixed chemicals is needed.', 'It has been suggested that cytokines are associated with refractory Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia, and steroid administration is reported to be effective in this situation. In order to elucidate the characteristics of refractory M.\xa0pneumoniae pneumonia, we analyzed five pediatric patients with refractory M.\xa0pneumoniae pneumonia, which was defined as showing prolonged fever and deterioration of clinical and radiological findings despite administration of appropriate antibiotics, compared with 15 pediatric patients with M.\xa0pneumoniae pneumonia who responded to treatment promptly (control group). Serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and interleukin (IL)-18 levels were significantly higher in the refractory group than in the control group at the initiation of corticosteroid use (LDH: 571 vs 292\xa0IU/L, p\xa0=\xa00.0129; ALT: 25 vs 11\xa0IU/L, p\xa0=\xa00.0143; AST: 41 vs 26\xa0IU/L, p\xa0=\xa00.0404; IL-18: 579 vs 365\xa0pg/mL, p\xa0=\xa00.0402). Significant correlation was found between serum values of IL-18 and LDH (r(2)\xa0=\xa00.504, p\xa0=\xa00.0433). The administration of corticosteroids to patients in the refractory group resulted in the rapid improvement of symptoms and decrease in serum LDH levels in all patients. A serum LDH level of ≥410\xa0IU/L, which was calculated from receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, seemed to be an appropriate criterion for the initiation of steroid therapy. In conclusion, serum IL-18 and LDH levels can be used as parameters to determine which patients are candidates for corticosteroid therapy. In addition, serum LDH levels seem to be a useful marker for the evaluation of therapeutic efficacy in refractory M.\xa0pneumoniae pneumonia. ', 'Diagnosis of postpartum thrombotic microangiopathies in pregnancy is a challenge, but plasma exchange (PE) is life-saving in such cases. This study was conducted with the aim to find the result of the early start of PE in such patients. There were a total of seven clinically diagnosed cases of post partum thrombotic microangiopathies (PP-TMA) where PE was done. The diagnosis of PP-HUS and decision to start PE in such cases were based on the classical triad of microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, and acute renal failure. All the PE procedures were done using fully automatic COM.TEC (Fresenius Kabi, Germany). Immediately before the start of PE, the mean platelet count and serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and hemoglobin (Hb) were 53.1 × 109/L, 10,943 IU/L, and 6.4 gm%, respectively. After seven sessions of PE, platelet count improved to 158 × 10<sup9</sup/L and LDH dropped to 609 IU/L, and Hb improved to 10.3 gm% (<iP</i &lt; 0.05). We got a positive renal response in four patients in whom serum creatinine value reached within normal range while in the remaining three patients, no positive renal response was obtained and serum creatinine remained above normal range. Thus, the response of PE was shown to be inadequate in three patients. Compliance to PE was good. Patients were discharged after 20 days (mean) of hospital admission. PE is life-saving in PP-HUS. High degree of clinical suspicion to it and early start of PE were crucial for successful outcome in our patient population.', 'A 33-year-old male presented to the emergency department with a chief complaint of abdominal pain after taking #50 500\xa0mg acetaminophen tablets over the preceding two days. He was tachycardic and tachypneic, and the initial labs were notable for acetaminophen level, 337\xa0mg/L; AST, 137\xa0IU/L; ALT, 194\xa0IU/L; ABG pH, 7.24; and lactate, 4.1\xa0mmol/L. The patient was started on IV N-Acetylcysteine (NAC) as well as given a single dose of 15\xa0mg/kg fomepizole. The patient did remarkably well, with a peak AST of 198\xa0IU/L, peak ALT of 301\xa0IU/L, and peak INR of 3.1. Biochemical and animal data support fomepizole having hepatoprotective effects in acetaminophen poisoning. To our knowledge, this is the first human case of an intentional dual NAC/fomepizole regimen for severe acetaminophen toxicity.', 'Multiple organ system failure is a major cause of mortality in the adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). We serially evaluated parameters of multiple organ function in 24 patients during the first week after the diagnosis of ARDS and related them to outcome. The adult respiratory distress syndrome was associated with sepsis (n = 16), postoperation (n = 7), and trauma (n = 1). Fourteen of the 24 patients (58 percent) died. Although there were no significant differences in the indices of pulmonary or renal dysfunction between survivors and nonsurvivors, evidence of hepatic dysfunction was different in the two groups. On the day we identified ARDS, serum bilirubin was 1.2 mg/dl +/- 0.9 mg/dl in patients who survived, and was 2.3 mg/dl +/- 2.8 mg/dl (chi +/- SD) in those who died. Initial serum glutamic oxalacetic transaminase (SGOT) and alkaline phosphatase levels were lower in survivors than in those who died (71 +/- 44 IU/L vs 399 +/- 807 IU/L, and 121 +/- 53 IU/L vs 269 +/- 243 IU/L, respectively). These abnormalities persisted during the first week of respiratory failure, with significant differences in serum bilirubin and alkaline phosphatase between survivors and nonsurvivors (p less than 0.01). The degree of pulmonary and renal dysfunction was similar in both groups. These data suggest that liver function may be a major determinant of survival in patients with the adult respiratory distress syndrome.']}
{'id': 117, 'question': "A 64-year-old male presents with fever, cough, dyspnea and right pleuritic pain of 1 week's evolution. Chest X-ray shows a loculated right pleural effusion occupying two thirds of the hemithorax. During thoracentesis, a yellowish fluid is drawn and analysis shows: leukocytes 15,000/uL, 92% neutrophils, glucose 30 mg/dL, pH 7, lactate dehydrogenase 3500 U/L, adenosine deaminase 45 U/L and absence of germs on GRAM stain. What is the most appropriate next course of action in this patient?", 'options': {'1': 'Intravenous antibiotic therapy.', '2': 'Intravenous antibiotic therapy and repeat diagnostic thoracentesis in 24 hours.', '3': 'Intravenous antibiotic therapy and repeat diagnostic thoracentesis if there is no improvement in 48 hours.', '4': 'Intravenous antibiotic therapy and evacuative (therapeutic) thoracentesis if any germ is isolated in the pleural fluid culture.', '5': 'Intravenous antibiotic therapy and placement of a chest tube or catheter to drain all pleural fluid.'}, 'correct_answer': 5, 'bm25': ['Pseudomesotheliomatous lung carcinoma is a special, rare entity characterized by large pleural growth and minor invasion of lung tissue. Clinically, radiologically, macroscopically and even histologically this tumor can be misdiagnosed as malignant pleural carcinoma. We represent a 64-year-old male patient, former smoker. Due to difficulties in the form of dry cough, feeling of dis-comfort and pain in the right hemithorax, fatigue, heavy breathing, sweating, fever up to 39.6°C the patient was treated as with combined antibiotic therapy (macrolides, cephalosporins and penicillin), but without improving of his condition. Chest radiography showed a shadow of pleural effusion by the height of the front end of the third right rib. Chest MSCT showed the extremely thickened pleura apically and to the posterior along the upper right lobe in addition to existence of massive pleural effusion. Subpleural condensation of parenchyma ranging about 30 mm was described in the upper right lobe. Cytological analysis of the pleural effusion showed the presence of malignant cells impossible to differentiate whether they were metastasis of adenocarcinoma or malignant pleural mesothelioma. By histochemical and immunohistohemical analyses of a pleural sample, pseudomesotheliomataus lung adenocarcinoma was diagnosed. Pseudomesotheliomataus carcinoma of the lungs can be a diagnostic problem. Its diagnosis is based on recognition of histopathological characteristics which enable its discernment from the epithelial variant of malignant pleural mesothelioma.', 'Pleuropulmonary <iSamonella</i infections are very rare and are associated with high mortality. We present a case of empyema to <iSalmonella</i in an 83-year-old male patient, with uncontrolled hematological disease. The patient presented with a one-week history of fever, productive cough with purulent sputum, dyspnea, and pleuritic pain localized to the right hemithorax. He denied having nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. No history of smoking or respiratory diseases. Chest imaging showed a right loculated pleural effusion with adjacent parenchymal consolidation. Blood test revealed anemia without leukocytosis with elevated C-reactive protein (36.2 mg/dL). A chest tube was placed, with drainage of purulent fluid and empiric antibiotic therapy with ceftriaxone and clindamycin was started. Pleural fluid and blood cultures were positive for <iSalmonella</i serotype Enteritidis. The stool cultures were negative. Due to slow improvement, clindamycin was suspended and ciprofloxacin was initiated. The patient showed clinical and laboratory improvement. After seven weeks of antibiotic therapy, he presented with negative blood cultures and significant imaging improvement. The patient was discharged. This case describes a positive outcome in an unusual infection with a high mortality caused by non-typhoid <iSalmonella</i.', 'The use of new therapeutic methods to prevent development of fibrothorax as the final complication of the human pleural infections requires research with experimental animals. The aim of this study was to standardize the procedures for the establishment of our own experimental model of empyema in rabbits, since it should be able to offer similar conditions found in human pleural infections. This experiment included 15 chinchilla rabbits, weighing from 2.3 to 2.8 kg. There were 12 rabbits in the experimental group, while 3 rabbits formed the control group. On the first day, we administered 0.4-0.5 mL of turpentine in the right pleural space of the rabbits from the experimental group in order to provoke sterile exudative pleurisy. After 24 h we injected 1 mL of Staphylococcus aureus and 1 mL of Escherichia coli bacteria in the same concentration of 4.5 x 10(8) bacteria/mL. Thoracocentesis for the pleural fluid analysis was performed 24, 48, 72, and 96 h after bacteria instillation. In these pleural samples we estimated the number of leucocytes and the values of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), glucose and pH in pleural fluid, as well as the presence of bacteria. We did not protect the animals with antibiotics, and on the day 7 of the experiment they were sacrificed with the lethal dose of barbiturate (iv). The lung from the empyemic side of all experimental animals and the lung of one control animal were histopathologically examined. A total of 4 animals had a small amount of clear pleural fluids or there was no fluid obtained with thoracocentesis 24 and 48 h after the bacteria instillation. after the bacteria instillation. In the remaining 8 rabbits 24 h after bacteria administration the mean values (± SD) of the parameters monitored were as follows: Le 34.75 ± 6.13 x 109/L, LDH 17,000 ± 4,69 U/L, glucose 1.23 ± 0.45 mmol/L, and pH 6.975 ± 0.15. The obtained values met the criteria for the evaluation of effusion as pleural empyema or complex and complicated pleural effusion (LDH &gt; 1000 U/L, glucose &lt; 2.31 mmol/L and pH &lt; 7.20). Bacterial cultures were positive in 5 out of 8 first pleural samples and in only 2 samples after 48 h of bacteria administration. There was a positive correlation between the number of leukocytes and the LDH value (r = 0.071, p &lt; 0.001), and a negative correlation between the number of leukocytes and the glucose level (r = 0.864, p &lt; 0.001), and the leukocytes number and pH of the pleural fluid (r = 0.894, p &lt; 0.001). The mean glucose value increased after 48 h (3.23 ± 0.44 mmol/L), and the pH value rose after 72 h (7.22 ± 0.03) which was beyond the empyema level. The creation of the experimental empyema model is a very delicate work with uncertain success. Its value and importance are crucial for pleural pathology research. With the intention to obtain a more empyemic pleural reaction we created a model with two different human pathogen bacteria. We generated the satisfactory results, but not as good as those contained in some of the reference literature data.', 'Epipericardial fat necrosis is an uncommon benign entity of unknown cause, with only 20 cases reported in the English-language literature. It should be remembered as a possible diagnosis in a person who presents with acute pleuritic chest pain and paracardiac density or pleural effusion on chest radiography (X-ray). The computed tomography (CT) or surgical approach allows the final diagnosis and characterization. The authors describe a case of a 48-year-old woman, admitted to our department because of complaints of fatigue, cough and sudden pleuritic pain on thoracic left side. The chest X-ray showed mild/moderate left pleural effusion and CT scan revealed local slight thickening of pericardium and epipericardial fat, surrounded by thick rim of higher density in the left cardiophrenic space. This made the diagnosis of epipericardial fat necrosis. During hospitalization the patient remained stable and was discharged home with symptomatic relieve therapy. Because of benign, self-limited nature of this entity, only conservative treatment is indicated.', 'Primary synovial sarcomas of the lung are extremely rare, constituting 0.1% to 0.5% of lung cancers. The first case was reported by Gaertner in 1996. We present the case of a 15-year-old female who presented with cough, white-colored secretions, right-sided chest pain and progressive dyspnea. Physical examination revealed increased exertion during breathing with no cyanosis. The presence of right scapular pulmonary condensation syndrome was observed. Chest x-ray demonstrated homogeneous opacity occupying the lower two thirds of the right hemithorax. Posterolateral thoracotomy with right lower and medium lobectomy was performed. Because there was evidence of upper lobe tumor, it was decided to carry out a right pneumonectomy. Histopathological diagnosis was biphasic synovial sarcoma. The presentation of pulmonary synovial sarcoma generally shows a peripheral location with a nonencapsulated and well-circumscribed tumor. Size ranges from 0.6 to 17 cm (mean: 5 cm). Histology is often characterized by a monophasic pattern. Diagnosis is difficult except for a uniform spindle cell pattern. Most synovial sarcomas show immunoreactivity for cytokeratin and/or epithelial membrane antigen. Cytogenetic characteristic of synovial sarcoma are t(X; 18)(p11, q11). Patient prognosis for pulmonary synovial sarcoma is poor with an overall 5-year survival rate of 50%.']}
{'id': 27, 'question': "A 52-year-old patient is admitted to the Hospital for severe pneumonia. With appropriate antibiotic treatment, the patient's respiratory symptoms improved. After 4 days of stay in the ward, his evolution is complicated by the appearance of a severe diarrhea. What is the most frequent microorganism responsible for this condition?", 'options': {'1': 'Salmonella enterica.', '2': 'The bacterium itself causing pneumonia that has become resistant to the antibiotic.', '3': 'Campylobacter jejuni.', '4': 'Clostridium difficile.', '5': 'Yersinia enterocolitica.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ["Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a significant cause for intensive care unit (ICU) admission worldwide. Most COVID-19 infections are associated with lower respiratory abnormalities but it has been increasingly associated with extra-pulmonary manifestations. Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) is a rarely diagnosed but severe disease associated with COVID-19 infection. We describe the diagnostic process behind diagnosing GBS in an elderly male who developed acute-onset quadriparesis and respiratory muscle failure associated with severe COVID-19 pneumonia in a military ICU. A 69-year-old male was admitted to the ICU for acute hypoxemic respiratory failure due to COVID-19 pneumonia. He was subsequently intubated and treated with dexamethasone and remdesivir with improvement. On hospital day 32, the patient was extubated. Three days later, he developed acute, symmetric limb quadriparesis and respiratory muscle failure requiring reintubation. Analysis of his cerebrospinal fluid showed a cytoalbuminologic dissociation, and electromyography/nerve conduction study showed slowed nerve conduction velocity. These findings are consistent with GBS. Blood cultures, serum polymerase chain reaction testing, and clinical symptoms were not suggestive of other common pathogens causing his GBS. The patient's acute GBS in the setting of recent severe COVID-19 infection strongly suggests association between the two entities, as supported by a growing body of case literature. The patient was subjected to intravenous immunoglobulin treatment and was discharged with greatly improved strength in the upper and lower extremities. Our goal in describing this case is to highlight the need for providers to consider, accurately diagnose, and treat GBS as a consequence of severe COVID-19 infection.", 'This is a case report of a 42-year-old patient, who was admitted to hospital with clinical pneumonia. The only positive test result was for SARS-CoV-2. After a few days of treatment, the patient was discharged in stable condition for isolation at home. The patient had previously had contact with the mental health services and was diagnosed with catatonic schizophrenia but had been without outpatient contact or treatment for the last four years. After seven days he was admitted in a state of severe psychosis. This begs the question if the psychotic relapse was triggered by a neuroinflammatory response caused by SARS-CoV-2.', "Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is pandemic and is a medical issue. However, children account for a small portion of those with the disease, and there are few published reports of COVID-19 in children. The patient reported in this case report is the youngest case reported in Chengdu, China to date. A 3-month-old male infant presented with cough and rhinorrhea. Family members from Wuhan, the epicenter of the epidemic came to stay in the patient's home 16 days before the onset of his disease, and his mother had been diagnosed with COVID-19. He was diagnosed with COVID-19 based on a history of exposure and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), detected using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The patient was admitted to hospital and treated symptomatically with oral medication. The patient recovered completely and was discharged after one month of hospitalization. He tested negative for SARS-CoV-2 using RT-PCR and a chest CT performed 4 weeks after admission showed marked improvement prior to discharge. Clinicians must be aware of the presentation of COVID-19 in children because it differs from that in adults.", "The reported case is of a 68-year-old man who was admitted to the ICU\xa0at our tertiary care medical center with severe COVID-19. He was admitted to the ICU due to a worsening respiratory condition during his hospitalization at the same medical center, which included the development of severe acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Ventilator management was started with alveolar protection in mind. On the ninth day of ventilator management, we judged that it was necessary to introduce extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO). Although the ninth day of ventilator management is considered relatively late for starting ECMO, there are no absolute contraindications for ECMO at this stage, and improvements in oxygenation can be expected. After introducing ECMO, the patient's oxygenation capacity improved, and ECMO was successfully withdrawn within 16 days. The patient required long-term rehabilitation but was discharged from the hospital to his home without lingering disease complications on the 150th day of illness and subsequently resumed his former work, daily activities, and quality of life. We conclude that, in regard to the introduction of ECMO for ARDS, it is necessary to reach a comprehensive judgment without being bound by any one index (such as the ventilation management period prior to ECMO introduction).", 'Foot infections are a common problem in patients with diabetes and a risk factor for limb amputation. They occur as a result of skin ulceration, which facilitates penetration of pathogens to deeper tissues. The diagnosis of infection is clinical. Aerobic gram-positive cocci are the most common pathogens. Ulcers which are chronic, preceded by administration of antibiotics and hospitalization or complicated by severe infection are polymicrobial. Antibiotic therapy is initially empiric based on the severity of the infection. Definitive therapy is modified according to the results of the microbiological culture and the response to empiric treatment. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy ranges from 1-2 weeks for mild infections to 2-4\xa0weeks and even longer for severe infections and osteomyelitis. Surgical consultation should be sought for infections complicated with abscesses, necrotizing fasciitis or osteomyelitis. With appropriate care, infection resolves in about 80-90% of non-limb threatening and in about 60% of severe infections.']}
{'id': 471, 'question': 'A 7-year-old boy brought to the emergency department after falling off a swing onto his right hand. He has no history of interest. He presents with fork dorsum deformity of the wrist and functional impotence, with normal distal neurovascular status. What lesion would you expect to find on the urgent x-ray you request?', 'options': {'1': 'Fracture - dislocation of Monteggia.', '2': 'Radial head fracture.', '3': 'Epiphysiolysis of the distal radius.', '4': 'Fracture in green stem of ulna.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['We report the case of an 11-year-old boy brought to our emergency department 2\u2009hours after a viper bite to his right hand. He suffered severe pain and rapidly progressive swelling with signs of haemodynamic compromise in keeping with distributive shock. The oedema progressed from his right wrist upwards to his forearm and upper arm with compartment syndrome ultimately resulting. He underwent fasciotomy of the right upper limb and antivenom serum was given. The patient required vasopressors for 48 hours and a total of nine surgical interventions were necessary. In the event of a snakebite, it is essential to promptly recognise the signs of severity, complications and indications for the administration of antivenom serum. We intend to highlight this rare shock aetiology and the need for emergency management if severe clinical signs are present. Early administration of antivenom serum is essential and it should be available in all emergency departments.', 'A 7-year-old boy attended the emergency department after falling from a climbing frame onto his outstretched left wrist. On examination, there was mild swelling to the left elbow and tenderness to the antecubital fossa. There was also tenderness diffusely to the distal ulnar and radius. There was no neurovascular deficit. Radiographs revealed a plastic deformation fracture of the left radius and ulna, with dislocations of the ipsilateral radiocapitellar joint and distal radioulnar joint. A diagnosis of combined Monteggia and Galeazzi-type fractures of the left forearm was made. It is rare to find cases of combined Monteggia and Galeazzi fractures to the same forearm. Furthermore, to our knowledge, ipsilateral plastic deformation Monteggia and Galeazzi-type fractures in children have not been reported in the literature.', "A 56-year-old man with an ocular history of 20+ cut radial keratotomy (RK) in both eyes and Marfan syndrome presented with blurred vision in both eyes 2 years previously. He was intolerant of contact lenses and was correctable with spectacles for the past 10 years. His presenting photographs and corneal topographies are shown in Figures 1 and 2JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202102000-00022/figure1/v/2021-04-12T204757Z/r/image-tiffJOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202102000-00022/figure2/v/2021-04-12T204757Z/r/image-tiff, respectively. His left eye had greater than 270 degrees of zonulopathy and a visually significant cataract. He underwent a planned pars plana lensectomy/vitrectomy and implantation of a scleral-fixated CZ70BD (Alcon Laboratories, Inc.) intraocular lens (IOL). He has enjoyed adequate vision in the left eye and now has a worsening cataract in his right eye. He is a practicing dentist and requested the fastest visual rehabilitation possible. His corrected distance visual acuity was 20/50 with a manifest refraction of +5.00-4.00 × 90 in the right eye and 20/25 with a manifest refraction of +1.75-2.50 × 180 in the left eye. Intraocular pressure (IOP) was measured at 16 mm Hg in both eyes, and extraocular motility, confrontational visual fields, and pupils were normal in both eyes. On slitlamp examination, he had mild ptosis in both eyes, the corneas had 20+ RK with multiple arcuate incisions at the 3- and 9-o'clock positions in both eyes, the anterior chamber (AC) was deep and quiet in both eyes, both irides had mild iridodonesis, the right lens had a 2 to 3+ nuclear sclerotic cataract with 6 clock hours of superotemporal zonulopathy that was only evident with dilation (Figure 3JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202102000-00022/figure3/v/2021-04-12T204757Z/r/image-tiff) and no phacodonesis. The left lens had a well-positioned CZ70BD IOL fixated at 6 and 12 o'clock without extrusion or exposure of the Gore-Tex suture. The posterior segment examination was unremarkable. What counseling would you provide for this patient in preparation for surgery? How would you plan the IOL calculations? What intraoperative techniques would you use to achieve the safest outcomes given his comorbidities?", 'A 33-year-old man with a history of chronic alcohol use, generalized anxiety disorder, and hypertension presented to the emergency department after a syncopal event. He was admitted to the medical intensive care unit for alcohol withdrawal, requiring intubation and sedation. On hospital day 7, abdominal x-ray image demonstrated a dilated cecum to 12\u2009cm, transverse colon dilation to 7\u2009cm, and decompressed distal colon ( Fig. 1 ). CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis confirmed dilation of the cecum and ascending and transverse colons ( Fig. 2 ). Colonoscopy showed no evidence of distal obstruction, but colonic distension persisted, and he subsequently underwent cecal decompression with an open "blow-hole" cecostomy fully matured at skin level via a small right lower quadrant incision. The nasogastric tube was removed on postoperative day 2, and his diet was slowly advanced. Abdominal x-ray image on postoperative day 5 demonstrated no colonic dilation. He was discharged home on postoperative day 7. The patient re-presented to the hospital 3 months later with cecostomy prolapse. He underwent cecostomy takedown with ileocecectomy via circumstomal incision. He was discharged home on postoperative day 2.', 'Aiden, a 13-year-old boy in the sixth grade who is relatively new to your practice, is seen for follow-up after his routine physical last month when you noted concerns for possible attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and gave the family Vanderbilt Scales to complete. Aiden has a family history of ADHD, specific learning disabilities, and mood disorder.His mother reports that she is concerned about how Aiden is doing at school; his teachers are complaining that he is not doing his work, and she is worried that he may be kept back in school. Aiden first began having trouble in the third grade. He was retained in the fourth grade for academic and behavioral reasons. Now his mother has been receiving calls about him not paying attention, distracting others, and staring at his paper. At home, he does not want to do homework and gets very frustrated. In fifth grade, he had a psychoeducational evaluation and was found not eligible for services. His achievement testing showed average scores in reading, math, and writing. Cognitive testing demonstrated average scores for verbal and nonverbal abilities and memory but was significantly below average for processing speed. Aiden continues to have problems now in into the sixth grade.You speak with Aiden in the office and ask him about school. He says, "It\'s bad. I\'m failing." He believes his major problems at school are that he is not doing his homework, he easily becomes frustrated, and he argues with the teachers. He has supportive relationships with his family and friends at school. He gets along well with some of his teachers, noting that he loves his science teacher even though she is tough and "gives hard homework." He describes his history teacher as "annoying." When you ask what he means he states this teacher "Can be not nice and says mean things. She picks on me a lot." His description is consistent with the use of shaming as a behavior he experiences at school.You review the completed parent and teacher Vanderbilt forms; both are consistent and concerning for combined type ADHD. You discuss the diagnosis of ADHD with his mother and both agree to revisit pharmacotherapy in September when the school year resumes. You give her resources on ADHD and classroom accommodations and discuss requesting a 504 plan at school. You also discuss behavioral therapy to better address his self-regulation skills.A week later, you receive a telephone call from Aiden\'s mother. "Aiden got home today and he is more upset than I have ever seen him! His teacher told him in front of the class that he would probably stay back a year and now he is saying there is no point in going to school." She is not aware if retention has been recommended for Aiden.What would you say to Aiden\'s mother? What would you do next?']}
{'id': 327, 'question': 'A 30-year-old woman comes to the clinic reporting anxiety, weight loss of about 6 kg and a feeling of "nervousness" in the last three months. In the physical examination she has tachycardia, hyperreflexia and absence of goiter. In the blood test TSH values are < 0.01 microU/mL, T4 is elevated and thyroglobulin levels are low. A scintigraphy shows an absence of uptake in the thyroid region. What seems to you the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Factitious thyrotoxicosis.', '2': "Hyperthyroidism due to Graves' disease.", '3': 'Ovarian teratoma (ovarian stromal tumor).', '4': 'Subacute thyroiditis.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Primary extramedullary plasmacytoma (PEMP) of the thyroid is rare. Only nine patients with PEMP of the thyroid have been reported in Japan to date. We describe an additional autopsy case with PEMP of the thyroid and review of the literature in Japan. A 67-year-old women complaining of swelling of the anterior neck exhibited thin scalp hair, edematous face and a giant, hard, nodular goiter. Laboratory examination showed elevated levels of ESR, collagenous reaction, gammaglobulin, and a M-bow of the IgG-k type in immunoelectrophoresis. No Bence-Jones protein was found in the urine. Thyroid function test revealed a subclinically hypothyroid state, showing a T3 of 1.32 ng/ml, a T4 of 10.0 micrograms/dl, a TSH of 23.4 microU/ml and positive thyroid antibodies. The scintigram and the CT scan of the thyroid showed deviation of the trachea by the thyroid tumor and calcification within homogeneous thyroid gland. She underwent total thyroidectomy because of suspected malignancy. The histological examination of the removed thyroid weighing 117gr revealed a proliferation of plasma cells and lymphocytes and small amounts of atrophied thyroid follicles. The immunohistological examination of the removed thyroid showed the monoclonality to IgG-k chain. Plasma cells were stainable with methylgreenpyronine. Twenty-six months after thyroidectomy, she died due to progressive emaciation, anemia, hypoalbuminemia and ascites. Postmortem examination revealed widespread metastasized plasma cell tumors in the liver, intestine, spleen and mesentery with ischemic changes in heart and kidney. Based on our autopsy case and the nine cases reported in Japan, clinical and histological characteristics of PEMP of the thyroid were discussed.', 'In recent years, there has been an increasing focus on thyroid function in obese children. There is controversy concerning whether the changes in the levels of thyroid hormones and thyroid-stimulating hormone (thyrotropin - TSH) in obesity are causes or consequences of weight status and whether these subtle differences merit treatment with thyroxine. This review aimed to study the prevalence of disturbed thyroid hormone and TSH values in childhood obesity and the underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms linking obesity to thyroid function. In the past 18 months, four studies demonstrated moderate elevation of TSH concentrations in 10-23% of obese children, which was associated with normal or slightly elevated thyroxine and triiodothyronine values. Two studies reported ultrasonographic hypoechogenicity of the thyroid in obese children with hyperthyrotropinemia, which was not caused by autoimmune thyroiditis; therefore, the authors hypothesized a link to chronic inflammation in obesity. Weight loss led to a normalization of elevated TSH levels in two studies. The adipokine leptin is the most promising link between obesity and hyperthyrotropinemia since leptin stimulates the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid. The elevated TSH levels in obesity seem a consequence rather than a cause of obesity. Therefore, treatment of hyperthyrotropinemia with thyroxine seems unnecessary in obese children.', 'In endemic goiter patients living in a chronic iodide deficiency area (less than 50ug/day) TSH basal levels and the TSH response to TRH is significantly higher (31 +/- 8uU/ml) than in normal controls (10 +/- 4uU/ml). There is a negative correlation between levels of iodine intake and serum TSH concentration and thyrotropin is thus increased when iodine decreased. Also it was shown that serum TSH levels correlate inversely with the serum concentration of T4 (r=0.69) but not with the usually normal or elevated serum concentration of T3 in endemic goiter patients. It has been postulated that in the absence of appropriate serum levels of T4 the pituitary thyrotrophs have an abnormally low T4 to T3 conversion and the pituitary-nuclear/serum T3 ratio does not increase sufficiently to compensate this phenomenon. On the other hand nuclear receptor saturation of T3 in tissues such as liver and kidney would remain at euthyroid levels due to the higher serum T3 concentrations. Endemic goiter patients when moving to an urban area where iodine intake is higher (greater than 150ug/day) than in the rural villages, had a blunted TSH response to TRH (15/23 subjects) or developed a mild clinical and laboratory picture of hyperthyroidism (7/23 individuals). Serum TSH levels and the TSH response to TRH is abnormally elevated in the myxedematous type of endemic cretinism but more than one third of the neurological goitrous cretins (euthyroid) have an exaggerated and sustained TSH response to TRH. This has been considered as a decreased thyroid reserve. Measurement of alpha subunits and TSH-beta in both types of endemic cretinism demonstrated that although these patients have a marked enlargement of the sella turcica the alpha subunits, although higher than normal (1.7-3.4 ng/ml) were not suggestive of a pituitary tumour. The pituitary enlargement was probably secondary to the long standing untreated thyroid failure.', 'A 57-year-old man presented to the outpatient clinic with tremor, palpitations, weight loss and fatigue 1 week after receiving the first dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca SARS-CoV-2 vaccine (ChAdOx1 nCoV-19). Laboratory studies showed a suppressed TSH with elevated total and free T4. Thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin antibodies were elevated but thyrotropin receptor autoantibodies were indeterminate. Thyroid scintigraphy with technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate revealed increased diffuse, symmetric uptake. The patient was treated with thiamazole 15 mg three times a day and propranolol with resolution of his symptoms and normalization of his thyroid function tests until discontinuation of the antithyroid drug 6 months after symptom onset. Thyroid autoimmunity triggered by SARS-CoV-2 vaccines is being increasingly recognized among patients with and without a history of autoimmune thyroid disease.Symptoms and signs of thyrotoxicosis, including fever and tachycardia, can be wrongly attributed to the systemic adverse events of these vaccines.Early recognition of this condition is mandatory to allow proper treatment with anti-thyroid medications and radioactive iodine when necessary.', "A 17-year-old girl with a few years' history of declining vision, photophobia, and dry eye symptoms was referred to our clinic. She noted that the vision in the right eye declined significantly over the past several months. On her last year examination, her uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVA) was recorded as 20/25 in both eyes with a corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) of 20/20 in both eyes with minimal refractive error, with a diagnosis of bilateral Salzmann nodular degeneration. The patient was given artificial tears and was encouraged to wear sunglasses. On examination now, UDVA was 20/70 in the right eye and 20/40 in the left eye. The manifest refraction was -2.00 + 1.25 × 96 in the right eye and -1.00 + 2.00× 34 in the left eye, with a CDVA of 20/50 and 20/30, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed superficial reticular stromal scar with clear intervening spaces involving the anterior 75 μm of the stromal cornea in the central 6.0 mm optical zone (Figure 1).JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure1/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiffJOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202104000-00021/figure2/v/2021-04-19T183640Z/r/image-tiff The rest of the anterior and posterior segment examination was completely normal and noncontributory. Anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) revealed subepithelial lesion involving the central aspect of the cornea in the right eye more than that in the left eye (Figure 2). Family history was significant for an older sister with a similar problem who never required medical attention. She also has mild photophobia and dry eye symptoms. What is your differential diagnosis? What diagnostic test will help you in your diagnosis and clinical decision-making? What is the most likely diagnosis in this case? Do you recommend medical and/or surgical intervention in the right eye, realizing that there has been exacerbation of her ocular condition in the most recent year? What is the long-term prognosis and future plan for a patient with this potential condition?"]}
{'id': 450, 'question': 'A man presents on neurological examination with a thermoalgesic sensory deficit in the left leg associated with a loss of vibratory and positional sensitivity in the right leg. At the same time he presents with clumsiness and loss of distal strength in the right leg and a right plantar cutaneous reflex in extension. Which of the following statements is correct:', 'options': {'1': 'It is a centromedullary syndrome type syringomyelia.', '2': 'It is a hemimedullary syndrome.', '3': 'It is a pattern of transverse medullary lesion.', '4': 'It is a pattern of lateral bulbar lesion.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['A 61-year-old hypertensive diabetic man awoke with a numb, heavy right arm and leg; symptoms progressed within 30 hours to a dense right hemisensory syndrome involving head, face, trunk, arm, and leg, accompanied by a right hemiparesis, involving tongue, face, arm, and leg with extensor plantar response, leaving him barely able to move the arm and leg against gravity. No impairment in alertness, memory, language, praxic, or visual functions was evident at any time. Improvement in motor function began in 24 hours and progressed to walking status by discharge on day 23. Eight days passed before the sensory deficit showed improvement, and it was still prominent at discharge. Autopsy three months later showed a 4 X 2 X 4-mm lacune in the ventral posterior nucleus of the left thalamus, with a zone of pallor on stained microscopic sections extending into the immediately adjacent posterior limb of the internal capsule. This case appears to be unique in that a sensorimotor stroke has been produced by a confirmed thalamocapsular infarct.', 'A 2-year-old domestic hen was presented for a 15-day history of intermittent left leg lameness. The owners also observed a decrease in egg quality during that period. Physical examination of the bird revealed a generalized weakness with a flattened pale comb. Neurological evaluation of the left leg found a proprioceptive deficit with no loss of pain sensitivity. Whole body radiographic images showed a marked reduction of abdominal detail, a large amount of "grit" (mineral opacity) in the ventriculus, intestinal dilation, and a metallic foreign body (nail) in the digestive tract. Abnormal results from a plasma biochemistry panel were hypercalcemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglobulinemia, hypophosphatemia, increased creatine kinase, and decreased uric acid. After initial stabilization of the patient, a computed tomographic scan was obtained, which revealed multiple right-sided ureteral calculi, the largest of which measured 10 mm in diameter, and changes compatible with cystic right renal nephrosis. Suspected compensatory enlargement of the left kidney was also observed. Considering the renal lesion and associated neurological limb impairment, surgery was recommended and approved by the owner. A right lateral approach was used for the coeliotomy, and a ureterotomy was performed to remove all calculi. Analysis of the ureteral stones confirmed they were 100% uric acid salts. The hen fully recovered left leg function 1 week postsurgery. Urolithiasis is well described in hens, but surgical treatment is uncommon. This report describes the successful removal of ureteral stones by ureterotomy in a domestic hen.', 'The prevalence of reflux in the deep and superficial venous systems in the Edinburgh population and the relationship between patterns of reflux and the presence of venous disease on clinical examination were studied. A cross-sectional survey was done on men and women ranging in age from 18 to 64 years, randomly selected from 12 general practices. The presence of varicose veins and chronic venous insufficiency was noted on clinical examination, as was the duration of venous reflux by means of duplex scanning in 8 vein segments on each leg. Results were compared using cut-off points for reflux duration (RD) of 0.5 seconds or more (RD &gt;/= 0.5) and more than 1.0 second (RD &gt; 1.0) to define reflux. There were 1566 study participants, 867 women and 699 men. The prevalence of reflux was similar in the right and left legs. The proportion of participants with reflux was highest in the lower thigh long saphenous vein (LSV) segment (18.6% in the right leg and 17.5% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5), followed by the above knee popliteal segments (12.3% in the right leg and 11.0% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5), the below knee popliteal (11.3% in the right leg and 9.5% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5), upper LSV (10.0% in the right leg and 10.8% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5) segments, the common femoral vein segments (7.8% in the right leg and 8.0% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5), the lower superficial femoral vein (SFV) segments (6.6% in the right leg and 6.4% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5), and the upper SFV (5.2% in the right leg and 4.7% in the left leg for RD &gt;/= 0.5) and short saphenous vein (SSV) (4.6% in the right leg and 5.6% in the left leg for an RD &gt;/= 0.5) segments. In the superficial vein segments, there was little difference in the occurrence of reflux whether RD &gt;/= 0.5 or RD &gt; 1.0 was used; but in the different deep vein segments, the prevalence of reflux was 2 to 4 times greater for RD &gt;/= 0.5 rather than RD &gt; 1.0. Men had a higher prevalence of reflux in the deep vein segments than women, reaching statistical significance (P &lt;/=.01) in 4 of 5 segments for RD &gt;/= 0.5. In general, the prevalence of reflux increased with age. Those with "venous disease" had a significantly higher prevalence of reflux in all vein segments than those with "no disease" (P &lt;/=.001). The prevalence of venous reflux in the general population was related to the presence of "venous disease," although it was also present in those without clinically apparent disease. There was a higher prevalence of reflux in the deep veins in men than the deep veins in women. Follow-up study of the population will determine the extent to which reflux is a predictor of future disease and complications.', 'We report a 56 year-old-woman with spinal cord infarction. She experienced left-sided girdle pain without precipitating symptoms and she developed monoparesis of her left leg and urinary retention. She also presented the segmental loss of total sensations in the Th10-11 area of the left trunk, the disturbance of position and vibration senses in the left leg and the disturbance of pain and temperature senses in the right leg. T2-weighted MR imagings showed high signal intensity lesion in the left half of the spinal posterior column at Th9-10 vertebral levels. Somatosensory evoked potentials confirmed that the loss of position and vibration senses was unilateral. Though she became able to walk with canes two months later, her sensory disturbance showed no improvement. This is a rare case of unilateral posterior spinal cord infarction presenting Brown-Séquard syndrome.', "The interhemispheric subdural hematoma is a rare condition. We present a case of interhemispheric subdural hematoma in a patient aged 65 years. A day prior to admission he was struck with a water-pipe on the head. He went to sleep the same evening complaining of a slight headache. At about two o'clock in the morning the headache increased in intensity. By the morning he lost consciousness. On examination by a neurosurgeon the patient was found to be comatose. The physical examination revealed blue eyelids of the left eye, paraplegia of the right leg, paresis of the left leg and arms. Bilateral Babinski's reflex was present, the abdominal reflexes were absent, the tendon and periosteal reflexes were hyperactive. The pupils were equal in size and slowly reactive to light. The patient exhibited symptoms of meningoradicular irritation. An emergency CT scan revealed high-density area in the interhemispheric sulcus extending frontally to parietally. The patients was operated on in an emergency. At operation, extensive rupture of the sagittal sinus was identified. Later the patient died. The presented case was interesting with the extensive rupture of the sagittal sinus and the relatively long lucid interval until clear manifestation of the clinical picture becomes evident."]}
{'id': 265, 'question': '65-year-old man with a history of pancreatic neoplasm undergoing chemotherapy. What diagnostic test is more cost-effective to confirm the diagnostic suspicion?', 'options': {'1': 'D-dimer.', '2': 'Magnetic resonance imaging.', '3': 'Phlebography.', '4': 'Venous Doppler ultrasound.', '5': 'Helical CT.'}, 'correct_answer': 4, 'bm25': ['Cystic pancreatic lesions (CPL) are diagnosed with increasing frequency. Because up to 60% of CPL are classified as malignant or premalignant, every CPL should be fully investigated and clarified. Serous CPL with low risk of malignancy must be differentiated from mucinous CPL with relevant potential malignancy (intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm IPMN) and mucinous cystic neoplasm (MCN) as well as from harmless pseudocysts. Cross-sectional imaging with computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) plays a crucial role in the diagnostics of CPL. An algorithm for the differential diagnostic classification of CPL is presented. The connection to the pancreatic duct is the key diagnostic criterion to differentiate IPMN from all other CPL. An exception to this rule is that pseudocysts can also show a connection to the pancreatic duct. A further classification of CPL with no connection to the pancreatic duct can be made by morphological criteria and correlation of the radiological findings with patient age, sex, history and symptoms. Depending on the diagnosis and hence the malignant potential the indications for surgery or watch and wait have to be discussed in an interdisciplinary cooperation. Due to its higher soft tissue contrast MRI is often superior to CT for depiction of CPL morphology.', 'Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is one of the most common causes of chronic cough. A new diagnostic breath test for acid-reflux cough may allow more rapid diagnosis. The economic impact of this test is incompletely characterized. We sought to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of a diagnostic breath test for acid-reflux cough, and to identify which testing characteristics are most important in a cost-effective approach to the problem of acid-reflux cough. Cohort simulations were used to compare direct costs of the acid-reflux breath test (ARBT) to an evidence-based clinical practice guideline (EBCPG) from a societal perspective over a one-year time horizon. Probabilities and costs were derived from the published literature and current US market conditions. Sensitivity analyses were performed. For all reasonable estimates of the prevalence of GERD causing cough, the most cost-effective diagnostic approach is to begin with the ARBT and initiate treatment with a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) if the test is positive. Assuming a disease prevalence of 36%, this strategy costs $622 per case correctly diagnosed. The approaches demonstrated similar rates of correct diagnoses (92.1% versus 93.0%, ARBT versus EBPG). The EBPG algorithm costs $967 per correct diagnosis. ARBT became increasingly cost-effective at lower disease prevalence. When the prevalence of acid-reflux cough exceeded 80%, EBPG become economically favored. The acid-reflux breath test is the most affordable means of determining whether therapy directed at acid reflux is the correct course of action for management of chronic cough.', 'The diagnosis of different pancreatic diseases has recently become a recurrent problem. In cases with pancreatic head mass the main question is the differentiation between malignant and benign lesions. When a neoplasm is suspected, the main task is to judge operability. The usefulness of computed tomography imaging in the evaluation of pancreatic carcinoma has been well established. In this article the authors discuss the possibilities of computed tomography (CT) in diagnostic work-up.', 'In order to asses accuracy and consistency of diagnostic opinion in suspected pancreatic disease, using available diagnostic procedures 74 patients, subjected to selective angiography, pancreatic function test (Lundh test), and scintigraphy, were studied retrospectively. The patients were divided into four diagnostic subgroups, three of which represented defined pancreatic disease, the fourth serving as a control group since such disease could be excluded. The primary diagnostic results were compared. After a stipulated minimum of six months the angiographic films and scintigraphic recordings were re-appraised in a randomized manner without access to clinical data. The evaluations thus achieved were compared to those delivered primarily. The results of the present study seem to indicate that the Lundh test and pancreatic scintigraphy are screening tests with a high level of diagnostic reliability and consistency; when normal, practically ruling out pancreatic disease. Angiography is recommendable only if one or both of the above mentioned screening methods yield pathologic results, supported by clinical evidence. The principal aims of selective angiography in suscepted pancreatic disease, are to map vascular anatomy, to differentiate non-neoplastic disease from cancer and to assist estimation of operability. The results of the reappraisal indicate that the diagnostic accuracy of angiography, more than that of scintigraphy, is dependent on the experience of the examiner.', 'Conventional coronary angiography (CCA) is the standard diagnostic for coronary artery disease (CAD), but multi-detector computed tomography coronary angiography (CTCA) is a non-invasive alternative. A multi-center coverage with evidence development study was undertaken and combined with an economic model to estimate the cost-effectiveness of CTCA followed by CCA vs CCA alone. Alternative assumptions were tested in patient scenario and sensitivity analyses. CCA was found to dominate CTCA, however, CTCA was relatively more cost-effective in females, in advancing age, in patients with lower pre-test probabilities of CAD, the higher the sensitivity of CTCA and the lower the probability of undergoing a confirmatory CCA following a positive CTCA. RESULTS were very sensitive to alternative patient populations and modeling assumptions. Careful consideration of patient characteristics, procedures to improve the diagnostic yield of CTCA and selective use of CCA following CTCA will impact whether CTCA is cost-effective or dominates CCA.']}
{'id': 189, 'question': 'A 10-year-old boy with brief episodes of distractions (< 1 minute) in which he does not respond to calls and blinks. An EEG shows spike-wave discharges at 3 cycles per second. First-line elective treatment would with:', 'options': {'1': 'Valproate.', '2': 'Carbamazepine.', '3': 'Phenytoin.', '4': 'Gabapentin.', '5': 'Clonazepam.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['Benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy is a rare idiopathic generalized epileptic syndrome occurring below the age of 3 years. Although benign outcome is presumed, some recent studies suggest less favorable outcome. A 14-year-old boy had a history of repeated episodes of myoclonic jerks of the shoulders and upper limbs in infancy (age 5 months). An ictal electroencephalogram indicated generalized spike-wave discharges associated with the myoclonic seizures, and the diagnosis of benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy was made. Valproate treatment resulted in control of the myoclonic seizures, and the drug was withdrawn when the patient was 5 years of age. At the age of 10, he presented with episodes of eyelid jerks associated with brief lapses in concentration triggered by sunlight. Electroencephalography revealed photosensitivity and a pattern of eye-closure sensitivity. These features were compatible with the diagnosis of eyelid myoclonia with absences, or Jeavons syndrome. Lamotrigine eliminated the seizures. The evolution of benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy to eyelid myoclonia with absences has been reported in one other case. A possible continuum of myoclonic epileptic syndromes, mediated by a common genetic abnormality, suggests the need for longer monitoring of patients with benign myoclonic epilepsy of infancy.', 'We report on two girls and one boy with clinical and electroencephalographic features of late-onset childhood epilepsy with occipital paroxysms of the "Gastaut type", showing an unusual evolution. Neurological examination and brain imaging were normal in all three. At the age of 7.5 years, eight years and ten years respectively, the three children presented with episodes of visual symptoms when awake, and in one of them, the seizures were occasionally followed by oculocephalic deviation. The interictal EEG showed bilateral occipital spike-wave activated by eye closing. In two patients, the occipital seizures had been immediately followed by typical absences, since onset; in the other patient, five months after onset. The ictal EEG showed irregular bilateral occipital spike-wave discharges during the visual symptoms, followed by generalized spike-wave activity during the typical absences. The typical absences were activated by hyperventilation; the EEG did not show continuous spikes and waves during slow sleep. These three patients, with typical electroclinical features of "Gastaut type", childhood occipital epilepsy, demonstrated an evolution which, to our knowledge, has not been previously described. We investigated whether this unusual, age-dependent evolution was due to secondary bilateral synchrony or if these electroclinical features represent two types of idiopathic epileptic syndromes in the same patients.', 'During a 3 year period EEGs were performed in 64 children with multifocal independent spikes (MIS), 17 with slow spike-wave complexes (SSWC), 22 with MIS and SSWC and 15 with hypsarrhythmia. Only EEG records containing adequate wakefulness and sleep were analyzed in 40 children with two or more serial EEGs at least 5 months apart. Transitions from one pattern to another occurred in 25/40 patients, consistent in all cases with the following sequence: Hypsarrythmia--&gt;MIS--&gt;MIS and generalized discharges--&gt;SSWC. Patients with and without transitions did not differ in their age at presentation or duration of follow-up. Eleven of 12 patients whose initial EEG showed hypsarrhythmia or multifocal independent spikes underwent transitions, compared to 0/8 patients with SSWC (p &lt; 0.001), indicating that SSWC is a stable pattern in children. Over a 6 month period, we also prospectively analyzed EEGs of 20 patients with multifocal spikes, hypsarrhythmia, and slow spike-wave complexes. Sleep activated additional spike foci, increased the frequency of generalized spike discharges and produced synchronization of bitemporal and bifrontal spike-wave discharges at 1.5-2.5 Hz the same as SSWC.', 'Sleep spindles and spike-wave discharges are thought to originate from the same thalamic pacemaker. In the present work it is investigated whether sleep spindles and spike-wave discharges are also sensitive for the same drugs. Adult male WAG/Rij rats were chronically implanted with frontal and occipital EEG electrode pairs. Rats were intraperitoneally injected with clonidine (0.00625 mg/kg), phenobarbital (20 mg/kg), flunitrazepam (0.188 mg/kg). Frontal and occipital sleep spindles and mainly frontal spike-wave discharges were seen in the electroencephalogram. Phenobarbital and flunitrazepam reduced the number of spike-wave discharges and enhanced frontal sleep spindles, while clonidine facilitated spike-wave discharges and reduced frontal sleep spindles. The results of these three drugs indicate a reciprocal relationship between the number of frontal sleep spindles and the number of spike-wave discharges. Only clonidine facilitated occipital sleep spindles without an effect on spike-wave discharges. It can be concluded that frontal and occipital sleep spindles have a different pharmacological profile. Furthermore, the inverse relationship between frontal sleep spindles and spike-wave discharges may suggest that sleep spindles and spike-wave discharges are controlled by a single controlling system. However, in order to explain the clonidine data on occipital sleep spindles another factor must be incorporated in properties of the mechanism(s) involved in EEG oscillations.', 'To describe the behavioral and EEG topographic correlates of absences with 3-Hz generalized spike-waves and partitioned impairment of consciousness. Two adult women had so-called "phantom" absences, characterized by brief and mild impairments of consciousness that were previously inconspicuous to both patient and physician. Neuropsychological examination was performed under video-EEG monitoring during absence status. EEG topographic mapping of spike-wave discharges was obtained in the two cases. Only mild attentional and executive disturbances were observed during absence status despite prolonged discharges. Spike-wave bursts were associated with selective impairment in the initiation of response and self-generated action, whereas short-term storage of external information during discharges was fully preserved. This is consistent with a predominant involvement of frontomesial cortex demonstrated by topographic mapping of spike-wave discharges in the two cases. By contrast, in two other patients with typical absences and a complete lack of retention for information given during the discharges, topographic mapping found a more lateral frontal involvement by spike-wave activity. Different types of absence seizures may impair distinct components of conscious behavior. A predominant involvement of frontomesial thalamocortical circuitry may underlie an "inconspicuous" disorder of consciousness as seen in phantom absences with selective loss of initiation and goal-oriented behavior, whereas involvement of more lateral frontal areas in typical absences may additionally disrupt working memory processes.']}
{'id': 508, 'question': 'A 72-year-old woman with no past history of interest. After a complicated renal colic, a 2 cm cystic lesion in the tail of the pancreas, together with multiple bilateral renal cystic lesions, is found by chance in the abdominal CT scan. Endoscopic ultrasonography shows a polycystic lesion formed by multiple vesicles with central calcification in the tail of the pancreas with no connection to the duct of Wirsung. Fluid analysis is compatible with a serous cystadenoma. Of the following, which is the most correct attitude regarding the management of this patient:', 'options': {'1': 'Surgical resection (corporocaudal pancreatectomy).', '2': 'Endoscopic ultrasonography-guided puncture and ethanolization of the puncture.', '3': 'Follow-up of the lesion by MRI.', '4': 'Kidney-pancreas transplant.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Primary malignant fibrous histiocytoma (MFH) of the pancreas is rare and a distinct clinical entity. We report a case of recurrence of pancreatic MFH with computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings. A 67-year-old man presented with a history of decreased body weight over the past 6 mo. Abdominal CT revealed a large, multilocular cystic mass in the head of the pancreas with obvious atrophy in the body and tail of the pancreas. After 6 mo postoperatively, MRI demonstrated a recurrent large mass in the primary area of the head of the pancreas. The lesion was heterogeneous, hypointense to the liver on T1-weighted imaging, and heterogeneously hyperintense to the liver with a hypointense area in the central part of the tumor on fat-saturated T2-weighted imaging. Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted imaging demonstrated a large multilocular cystic mass with a cystic wall, fibrous septa and enhancement of solid components. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on recurrence of primary MFH of the pancreas, and the first with MRI findings.', 'Accessory spleen is a relatively common congenital defect with a 10% incidence in the population. Intrapancreatic accessory spleens are rare and cystic formation may mimic a hypervascular pancreatic tumour. We present the case of a 27-year-old woman who underwent abdominal ultrasonography (USG) because of chronic abdominal discomfort. USG findings revealed a 20 mm cystic mass in the tail of the pancreas. Additional preoperative investigations showed a tumour in the tail of the pancreas suspected of being a non-active neuroendocrine tumour. The intraoperative finding was a hard mass in the tail of the pancreas and neither peritoneal dissemination nor metastasis was detected. Distal pancreatectomy was performed. Pathological examination described an epithelial cyst in an intrapancreatic accessory spleen. Cyst formation in an intrapancreatic accessory spleen is extremely rare. Most patients with this condition have no clinical symptoms and it is often detected incidentally by imaging studies. It is difficult to differentiate an epithelial splenic cyst in the pancreas from a primary pancreatic neoplasm because it lacks particular characteristics on radiological examination; epithelial splenic cysts should be considered in the differential diagnosis of a cystic lesion in the tail of the pancreas. Key words: spleen - epithelial cyst - intrapancreatic accessory spleen.', 'Pancreatic pseudocysts represent the majority of cystic lesions, and can usually be differentiated from cystic neoplasms, which have malignant potential. Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) can help in solving diagnostic dilemmas. When ERCP demonstrates cyst communication with the pancreatic duct, the diagnosis of pseudocyst is usually secure. There are exceptions, however, as reported in these two case reports. A retrospective chart review was conducted of two patients undergoing distal pancreatectomy in 2008 to 2009 for cystic lesions communicating with the main pancreatic duct on ERCP. Both patients were women (ages 37 and 42) with a history of chronic abdominal pain and pancreatitis. Radiologic imaging showed cystic lesions in the pancreatic tail. ERCP demonstrated main pancreatic duct communication. When endoscopic management failed, surgical therapy was undertaken. Both patients underwent distal pancreatectomy with splenectomy. Pathologic findings were mucinous cystadenoma. The conventional wisdom that a pancreatic cyst communicating with the main pancreatic duct is a benign pseudocyst is not always wise. As seen in this series, mucinous cystadenomas can erode into the main pancreatic duct. Women in the fourth and fifth decade with symptomatic cysts in the pancreatic tail with a history of pancreatitis should undergo distal pancreatectomy, regardless of ductal communication on ERCP.', 'Pancreas divisum, the most common congenital anomaly of the pancreas, is caused by failure of the fusion of the ventral and dorsal pancreatic duct systems during embryological development. Although various pancreatic tumors can occur in patients with pancreas divisum, intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm is rare. A 77-year-old woman was referred to our hospital because she was incidentally found to have a cystic tumor in her pancreas at a regular health checkup. Contrast-enhanced abdominal computed tomography images demonstrated a cystic tumor in the head of the pancreas measuring 40\xa0mm in diameter with slightly enhancing mural nodules within the cyst. Endoscopic retrograde pancreatography via the major duodenal papilla revealed a cystic tumor and a slightly dilated main pancreatic duct with an abrupt interruption at the head of the pancreas. The orifice of the major duodenal papilla was remarkably dilated and filled with an abundant extrusion of mucin, and the diagnosis based on pancreatic juice cytology was "highly suspicious for adenocarcinoma". Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography depicted a normal, non-dilated dorsal pancreatic duct throughout the pancreas. The patient underwent a pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy under the diagnosis of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm with suspicion of malignancy arising in the ventral part of the pancreas divisum. A pancreatography via the major and minor duodenal papillae on the surgical specimen revealed that the ventral and dorsal pancreatic ducts were not connected, and the tumor originated in the ventral duct, i.e., the Wirsung\'s duct. Microscopically, the tumor was diagnosed as intraductal papillary mucinous carcinoma with microinvasion. In addition, marked fibrosis with acinar cell depletion was evident in the ventral pancreas, whereas no fibrotic change was noted in the dorsal pancreas. Invasive ductal carcinomas of the pancreas associated with pancreas divisum usually arise from the dorsal pancreas, in which the occurrence of pancreatic cancer may link to underlying longstanding chronic pancreatitis in the dorsal pancreas; however, the histopathogenesis of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm in this anomaly is a critical issue that warrants further investigation in future.', 'Two cases of pancreatic cancer accompanied by pseudocyst are reported. Case 1 was a 60-year-old man who was admitted to our hospital complaining of left lower abdominal discomfort. A cystic lesion, about 3 cm in diameter, was found in the pancreatic tail by ultrasonography (US) and computed tomography (CT). No signs of chronic pancreatitis were found. At operation, an elastic, hard, white tumor, about 1 cm in diameter, was felt adjacent to the cystic lesion on the duodenal side. Histologically, this tumor was a duct cell carcinoma with an adjacent pseudocyst upstream of the pancreas. Case 2 was a 57-year-old man who complained of back pain and loss of body weight. US and CT examination revealed a cystic lesion, 11 x 7 cm in size, in the tail of the pancreas. Histological examination of the resected specimen revealed both a duct cell carcinoma, 3 cm in size, in the body of the pancreas and a pseudocyst, 9 cm in size. Pseudocysts accompanying carcinoma are thought to develop from obstruction of the pancreatic duct by the carcinoma, followed by intraductal high pressure and disruption of ductules upstream of the pancreas. Thus, we should pay careful attention to pseudocyst of the pancreas, especially when signs of diffuse chronic inflammation cannot be found, to help identify duct cell carcinoma in the early stage. Further detailed examinations of the cyst fluid or pancreatic juice, such as cytology, tumor marker determinations, or establishment of K-ras codon 12 mutation, are needed.']}
{'id': 151, 'question': 'A 25-year-old female patient with a history of skin rash after sun exposure and occasional polyarthritis in the joints of the hands, controlled with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, presents with general malaise, progressive feeling of generalized weakness and pallor for the last 15 days. Laboratory tests showed hemoglobin 7 g/dL, MCV 108 mm/h, 150,000 platelets/mm3, 3000 leukocytes/mm3, elevated LDH, undetectable haptoglobin. In the case of choosing a single diagnostic test indicate which of the following determinations should be performed first:', 'options': {'1': 'Direct Coombs test.', '2': 'Antinuclear antibodies (ANA).', '3': 'Vitamin B12.', '4': 'Ferritin.', '5': 'Folic acid.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['To report a case of a patient with optic nerve involvement in neuro-Sweet syndrome and review the literature on this systemic disease. Interventional case report and review of the literature. A 49-year-old man developed an acute exacerbation of bilateral panuveitis and optic disc edema together with symptoms of a papular rash on his forearms, fevers, malaise, and arthalgias. Laboratory findings revealed an aseptic meningitis and neutrophilic leukocytosis. Biopsy of the skin rash demonstrated an intense neutrophilic infiltrate in the dermis consistent with the diagnosis of neuro-Sweet syndrome. The patient continued to require corticosteroids for inflammation control in spite of immunomodulatory therapies, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor infliximab. Sweet syndrome can present with optic nerve involvement. Screening for underlying etiologies, including autoimmune disease, malignancy, and offending drugs, is important for targeted therapy.', 'Nimesulide is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug with antipyretic and analgesic properties, which is still used in many countries despite its known hepatotoxicity. Along with hepatotoxicity it has also been associated with several other Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) including leukocytoclastic vasculitis (LCV). A 38\xa0year-old female presented with history of acute onset fever for which she took tablet nimesulide and paracetamol combination (100\xa0mg Nimesulide\xa0+\xa0500\xa0mg paracetamol tablet), 1 tab three times daily for 4\xa0days, following which she developed rash all over the body. She also had clinical and biochemical evidence of acute hepatitis. Histopathological examination of the skin rash documented the presence of LCV. She was managed symptomatically with anti-inflammatory and supportive therapy and was not further exposed to nimesulide. Our case demonstrates occurrence of acute hepatitis and LCV associated with nimesulide intake. The case meets the defining criteria for the diagnosis of LCV preceded by history of nimesulide intake. There was also clinical and biochemical evidence of hepato-cellular damage which supports the concurrent development of hepatitis along with the development of LCV following nimesulide use. To the best of our knowledge there is no previous published report of LCV and hepatitis occurring concurrently in the same patient following nimesulide intake. Nimesulide should be added to the list of agents associated with these serious adverse drug reactions. Nimesulide has been a contentious drug over many years. Under such evidence of serious ADRs the scientific community should consider ensuring strict pharmacovigilance with respect to its use especially in the developing countries where such monitoring systems are inadequate.', 'Hepatitis is a rare clinical manifestation of syphilis. In this report a 50 years old male patient who was diagnosed as secondary syphilis presenting with hepatitis has been discussed. The patient was admitted to the hospital with high fever and skin rash, and his history revealed a suspected sexual contact. He indicated that he had been admitted to a health center eight months ago because of the presence of a penile wound, however VDRL (Venereal Disease Research Laboratory) test was negative at that time. Fever (39.5 degrees C), jaundice in skin and sclera, generalized macular and maculopapular skin rash including palms and soles, lymphadenopathy and hepatosplenomegaly were detected in physical examination. Laboratory tests yielded elevated erythrocyte sedimantation rate, high CRP levels and elevated liver enzyme levels, however viral hepatitis markers together with VDRL and TPHA (Treponema pallidum hemagglutination) tests were found negative. Ceftriaxone therapy was initiated because of the presence of high fever (40 degrees C) and 30 leukocyte/mm3 in urine, and the absence of bacteria in Gram staining of urine sample. However, the antibiotic therapy was discontinued since fever persisted. As the clinical signs and symptoms strongly indicated syphilis, the serological tests were repeated and VDRL positivity at 1/8 and TPHA positivity at 1/1280 titers were detected. Ceftriaxone therapy was restarted and continued for 14 days with complete cure. Since the spouse of the patient was also found VDRL and TPHA positive, she was treated with penicilin. The presentation of this case emphasized the importance of repeating the serological tests for syphilis since they might be negative in the early stages of infection. The case also indicates that syphilis should be considered in the differential diagnosis of hepatitis.', 'A 65-year-old woman developed erythema, papules and nodules over the body. Some nodules of her auricles and hands like string beads. Besides, she suffered from symmetrical swelling and pain of multiple joints, morning stiffness with deformity of joints; She had elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate and C reactive protein levels; Her rheumatoid factor and antinuclear antibody were positive; Joints destruction was found with X-ray imaging; Skin pathology showed Dermal infiltrate of abundant histiocytes, part of them with a ground-glass appearance; A CD68 immunohistochemical stain was positive and the cells were negative for S100, CD1a. These findings were diagnostic evidences of multicentric reticulohistiocytosis (MRH). The patient received high-dose of glucocorticoids combinated with immunosuppressive agents, and achieved a satisfactory effect. MRH was a rare multisystem disease characterized by papulonodular mucocutaneous and destructive arthritis, and its pathogeny was not yet completely understood. The typical lesions of MRH were hard papules or nodules that usually occured on the hands, face and arms. Classic coral bead appearance from periungual cutaneous nodules that were characteristic of MRH. MRH was an inflammatory joint disease, affecting almost all the appendicular joints and characterized by joint multiple, symmetrical, destructive, progressive disability. Joints destruction of the distal interphalangeal joints was a unique feature of MRH. In addition to skin and joints, it could also involve other systems. There were no diagnostic laboratory markers for MRH. Laboratory examinations had often been found to be non-specific. Imageological examination mainly showed bone and joint destruction. Skin biopsy was the best test to diagnose MRH, the typical histopathological findings included an infiltrate with histiocytes and multinucleated giant cells with a ground-glass appearing in eosinophilic cytoplasm, and the immunohistochemical stain was positive for CD68. The diagnosis was typically made based on the clinical presentation, supportive radiographic findings and skin biopsy. MRH was easily possible to mistake for other more common autoimmune conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, osteoarthritis, and dermatomyositis, but the distinctive clinical, radiographic, and histologic features could aid in differentiating these diseases. MRH could mimic other rheumatic diseases, besides, it could also coexist with cancer or other autoimmune disorders. There was no standardized treatment for MRH. However, Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, glucocorticoid, Immunosuppressant, biologic medications, and bisphosphonates had been used with varying degrees of curative effect. Treatment with glucocorticoid combined with immunosuppressants were effective for rash and arthritis, early use of them should be strongly considered, and refractory cases could be treated with biological agents. By reporting a MRH case and reviewing literature, this paper aims to help the clinicians improve the understanding of this rare disease, and suggests that when one diagnosis cannot explain the whole picture of the disease, and further evidence should be sought to confirm the diagnosis.', 'Guttate psoriasis is a variant of psoriasis characterized by small, 2- to 10-mm, raindroplike lesions on the skin. Guttate psoriasis is commonly triggered by group A streptococcal pharyngitis. We describe a novel case of guttate psoriasis following presumed coxsackievirus A hand-foot-and-mouth disease (HFMD). A 56-year-old woman presented with a vesicular erythematous rash on the hands, feet, and lips. The patient was clinically diagnosed with coxsackievirus A infection after presenting with a sore throat and a new-onset rash that lasted for 1 to 2 days. Physical examination revealed vesicles in the oral cavity and erythematous vesicles and papules on the extensor surfaces of the hands and feet. One month later, the patient returned citing new red skin lesions on the abdomen and groin. A clinical diagnosis of guttate psoriasis was made, which was confirmed via biopsy of an abdominal skin lesion. The patient denied any history of psoriasis.']}
{'id': 404, 'question': 'A 70-year-old woman with a history of anorexia, weight loss, discomfort in the musculature and proximal joints plus pain in the temporomandibular region who comes to the emergency department for unilateral loss of vision (hand movement), sudden and painless onset (afferent pupillary defect). What test would you request first for diagnostic purposes?', 'options': {'1': 'Lumbar puncture.', '2': 'C-reactive protein.', '3': 'Magnetic Resonance Angiography.', '4': 'Carotid ultrasound.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ['A young woman presented to the emergency with acute paraplegia and vision loss. She was diagnosed two months ago as a case of miliary tuberculosis with involvement of the chest and brain and therefore was on anti-tuberculosis treatment (ATT). She developed a decrease in vision and her treating physician suspecting optic neuropathy altered the regimen so as to omit Ethambutol and replaced it\xa0with\xa0Streptomycin. This treatment could not be continued with the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic as it required a hospital visit. On admission, she gave a history of inconsistent treatment and the ophthalmology evaluation showed decreased vision in the left eye, a relative afferent pupillary defect (RAPD), and a large solitary choroidal tubercle at the posterior pole of the same eye. The right eye was normal. On discussion with the treating physician, the standard four-drug ATT was reinstituted. Through our case report, we wish to highlight a challenging situation wherein the vision loss and pupillary abnormality with a background of ATT led to the change of treatment that would have required either daily hospital visits or other arrangements to be made to provide the same at home. This modified regimen\xa0not only proved to be challenging for the patient and caregivers but also may have played a role\xa0in the newer onset of further complications secondary to an irregular treatment regime.', "Behcet's disease is a chronic, idiopathic vasculitis with multisystem involvement commonly characterized by the classic triad of oral lesions, genital ulcerations, and uveitis. We discuss the case of a 22-year-old woman with a long-standing history of oral ulcers and vulvovaginal burning who presented with acute painless uveitis. With this presentation, there was an initial concern for infectious retinitis for which she was started on systemic antiviral therapy. Subsequent infectious disease workup was ultimately negative. Given her medical history and current presentation, she was diagnosed and treated for an acute inflammatory episode of ocular Behcet's disease. The patient's vision returned to baseline prior to discharge after treatment with systemic glucocorticoids. The diagnosis of Behcet's disease in the setting of painless vision loss can oftentimes be elusive. However, it is important for clinicians to keep this condition as a differential diagnosis in patients presenting with acute onset uveitis as the progression of Behcet's disease can lead to severe vision loss and blindness without prompt and adequate treatment.", "Point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) has become an essential part of the evaluation of vision loss among emergency physicians in the emergency department (ED). It is frequently used to evaluate for vitreous hemorrhage, foreign bodies, retinal detachment, optic neuritis and posterior vitreous detachment; however, it can also be used to evaluate for a central retinal artery occlusion (CRAO). A POCUS can reveal a hyperechoic density in the optic nerve sheath just proximal to the retinal surface, and this is referred to as a retrobulbar 'spot sign' (RBSS). We present the case of an 88-year-old male that presented to our community ED with a painless loss of vision to his right eye. A POCUS revealed an RBSS of the central retinal artery and he was subsequently diagnosed with a CRAO. At his 1-month follow-up, he has regained light perception and 15% of his vision, however, remains with significant visual impairment.", "Troponin test is one of the methods for diagnosing acute coronary syndrome, but the overuse and misuse of this test has increased the costs imposed on the health system and the patients. The present study was conducted to investigate the veracity of troponin test requests for patients presenting to an emergency department with chest pain and examine the effectiveness of training emergency medicine assistants in reducing unnecessary and inappropriate requests in emergency departments. This clinical audit was conducted in the emergency department of Imam Hossein Hospital, Tehran, Iran, in 2014. Sampling was carried out using the census method and all the cases presenting to the emergency department for whom a troponin test was requested by the emergency medical assistants were included in the research. First, the veracity of the current troponin test requests was assessed; then, training was given to the personnel, and the veracity of the troponin test requests was once again verified after the training was completed. The rate of veracious troponin requests for the patients was measured based on two factors, including the interval between the patients' admission and the troponin test request, and the interval between the onset of pain and the troponin test request. The veracity of the troponin test request was compared before and after training using the Phi test and Cramer's V test in IBM SPSS-21. This study examined a total of 500 patients (250 before training and 250 after), who had a mean age of 57.65±18.15 years, including 51.6% men. Significant differences were observed between the mean time of the patients' admission and the overall and post-training troponin test results (P=0.000), and also between the mean time of the onset of pain and the overall and post-training troponin test results (P=0.000). The number of positive troponin test results did not differ significantly between the patients in either of the two stages (P=0.39). Unnecessary troponin test requests reduced significantly after this clinical audit in the examined emergency department.", "A 32-year-old previously healthy woman was referred for evaluation and management of newly diagnosed hypotony in the right eye. Her ocular history was significant only for moderate myopia and an idiopathic Horner syndrome in the left eye diagnosed at age 13. The patient endorsed a history of fluctuating and decreasing vision in the right eye over the past 6 months. She denied any ocular pain, previous ocular surgery, or recent trauma. The patient was otherwise healthy and denied any previous autoimmune disease or systemic infection. She wore soft, daily disposable contact lenses and reported no abnormalities on previous routine eye examinations. At presentation, the patient's uncorrected distance visual acuity was 20/25 in the right eye and 20/200 in the left. Lensometry revealed a previous refraction of -3.00 + 0.50× 150 in the right eye and -4.00 + 1.75× 174 in the left. Intraocular pressures (IOPs) were 4 mm Hg and 15 mm Hg by applanation, and central corneal thicknesses were 573 μm and 564 μm in the right and left eyes, respectively. Slitlamp examination revealed an area of scleral thinning near the limbus in the right eye from 5 to 7 o'clock with mild overlying chemosis (Figure 1JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure1/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff). Gonioscopy showed an open angle with mild trabecular meshwork pigmentation in both eyes without any cyclodialysis clefts, peripheral anterior synechiae (PAS), or other abnormalities. Dilated fundus examination was significant for mild optic nerve edema and chorioretinal folds in the right eye. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) of the optic nerve confirmed mild disc edema (Figure 2JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure2/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff) and OCT of the macula confirmed mild chorioretinal folds. Anterior segment OCT (AS-OCT) and ultrasound biomicroscopy failed to show any other abnormalities. The patient was initially observed without treatment and presented urgently approximately 1 month later with decreased vision and ocular discomfort. Repeat examination revealed an IOP of 31 mm Hg and a focal area of PAS to the previous area of scleral thinning (Figure 3JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure3/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff). In one respect, the newly elevated IOP was considered transiently therapeutic to help reverse the hyperopic shift, disc edema, and hypotony-related maculopathy. However, the situation quickly became more worrisome when shortly thereafter the IOP elevated to 55 mm Hg at subsequent follow-up, and multiple IOP-lowering medications were initiated. Over numerous additional visits, the patient's IOPs ranged from 30 to 39 mm Hg in the right eye despite rapidly advancing to maximally tolerated medical therapy including acetazolamide. She was noted to have a new relative afferent pupillary defect of the right eye, and Humphrey visual fields showed early arcuate defects (Figure 4JOURNAL/jcrs/04.03/02158034-202107000-00023/figure4/v/2021-06-26T110826Z/r/image-tiff). What would be your approach to managing this healthy, young, myopic woman who presented with hypotony due to a spontaneous, perilimbal filtration bleb that later occluded with PAS, resulting in intractably elevated IOP and field loss? What is the differential diagnosis? Would you perform a systemic workup for her initial scleral thinning, and if so, what would you check? Would you intervene for her elevated IOP in the right eye? If so, what would be your surgical approach?"]}
{'id': 215, 'question': 'A 68-year-old patient consults for edema and asthenia. Laboratory tests showed creatinine 5 mg/dL, hemoglobin 10 g/dL and marked hypogammaglobulinemia in serum at the expense of IgG, IgA and IgM. A urinalysis reveals the presence of kappa light chains. What is your diagnostic suspicion?', 'options': {'1': 'Kappa light chain deposition disease.', '2': 'Nephrotic syndrome.', '3': 'Amyloidosis.', '4': 'IgA myeloma with Bence-Jones proteinuria.', '5': 'Light chain myeloma.'}, 'correct_answer': 1, 'bm25': ['A rare case of extramedullary plasmacytoma in the sino-nasal cavity is presented. During a prolonged clinical course, the tumor has recurred several times after irradiation, chemotherapy and surgery, and presented in the clavicular bone as well. Immunohistochemical staining of each tumor showed IgA kappa phenotype, and immunoelectrophoresis of the serum showed overproduction of IgA with kappa light chains. Although an elevation of serum IgA persists, the patient has remained well without evidence of overt multiple myeloma.', 'The results of free light chains quantitation in the cerebrospinal fluid were recently compared with the presence of cerebrospinal fluid-restricted oligoclonal IgG, but not oligoclonal free kappa light chains and oligoclonal free lambda light chains. We therefore aimed to compare the performance of the quantitative tests with the qualitative one for the same molecule. Seventy-five paired cerebrospinal fluid and serum samples were analysed for oligoclonal IgG, oligoclonal free kappa light chains and oligoclonal free lambda light chains. Cerebrospinal fluid and serum free kappa and lambda light chains were quantified using Freelite™ kits on SPA Plus analyzer. ROC curves were analysed for the prediction of intrathecal synthesis and compared for cerebrospinal fluid concentration, cerebrospinal fluid/serum quotient (QfLC) and index (QfLC/QAlbumin). The presence of cerebrospinal fluid-restricted oligoclonal free kappa light chains and oligoclonal free lambda light chains bands was used as reference. No statistically significant differences were observed among cerebrospinal fluid concentration, QfLC and index for the prediction of free light chain intrathecal synthesis. Each parameter was able to predict the occurrence of cerebrospinal fluid-restricted oligoclonal free light chain bands (AUCs 0.932-0.999). However, we noted elevated cerebrospinal fluid free light chain concentrations in the absence of cerebrospinal fluid-restricted oligoclonal free light chain bands in two patients with very high serum free light chain values. Quantitation of cerebrospinal fluid free light chains reliably predicts their intrathecal synthesis. Yet, cerebrospinal fluid/serum quotient may still be preferred to correct for high serum free light chain concentrations. An appropriate formula should be sought to correct for blood-cerebrospinal fluid barrier status.', 'Because a highly sensitive method is required to quantify low concentrations of immunoglobulin (Ig) classes in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), there have been a few papers reporting normal values of CSF IgG, IgA and IgM determined in the same samples. Enzyme immunoassay (EIA) is most frequently used, but has such drawbacks as susceptibility of enzyme to inhibition and denaturation and the requirement for additional incubation with a substrate. Therefore, solid-phase immunofluorometric assay was evaluated for quantification of CSF IgG, IgA and IgM in the nanogram range. We found this to be rapid and reproducible. The mean (SD) values of normal CSF samples obtained from 22 subjects with tension headache were 23.9 (7.6) micrograms/ml for IgG, 2.00 (0.90) microgram/ml for IgA and 197 (87) ng/ml for IgM. The normal mean (SD) values of indexes were 0.51 (0.10) for IgG, 0.25 (0.05) for IgA and 0.044 (0.017) for IgM. These values agreed quite well with those determined by EIA. The values of CSF albumin correlated significantly with those of CSF IgG or IgA, but did not with those of CSF IgM. Levels of each of the three Ig classes in CSF and serum were significantly correlated. When CSF/serum ratio was introduced, a significant correlation between the albumin ratio and each Ig ratio was found. These results suggest that the Ig content of normal CSF may depend upon that of serum and upon the characteristics of the Ig molecule.', 'Henoch-Schönlein nephritis or immunoglobulin A (IgA) vasculitis is characterized by purpura, arthralgia, abdominal pain, and glomerulonephritis with glomerular IgA deposition. Notably, the presence of purpura is essential to diagnose this disease. We report the case of a patient in whom proteinuria and haematuria were detected during screening tests and he was diagnosed with IgA nephropathy at 20 years of age. Corticosteroids were administered for 7 years and were subsequently tapered. At 35 years of age, he noticed purpura on his lower extremities and was diagnosed with anaphylactoid purpura. Following the appearance of purpura, urinalysis revealed an increase in urinary protein levels from 0.7\u2009g/g creatinine (Cr) to 1.4\u2009g/gCr, and his serum Cr levels increased from 1.1\u2009mg/dL to 1.35\u2009mg/dL. Two months later purpura subsided, and his urinary protein level and serum Cr level were restored to the former levels. Although the cause remains unknown, an interval may occasionally be observed between the appearance of purpura and urinary abnormalities. However, to our knowledge to date, a 15-year interval is the longest interval, in such cases, reported in the literature.', 'C3 glomerulopathy (C3G) is a recent disease classification that is characterized by the presence of glomerular deposits (composed of C3) in the absence of significant amounts of immunoglobulin and comprises dense deposit disease and C3 glomerulonephritis (C3GN). Most C3GN manifests as membranoproliferative, mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis patterns via light microscopy. Pure membranous nephropathy (MN)-like glomerular lesions are rare manifestations of C3GN. Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCAs) are also seldomly reported to be positive in C3GN. Herein, we report the case of a C3GN patient presenting with an MN-like glomerular pattern with ANCA positivity. A 68-year-old woman was admitted to a local hospital with elevated serum creatinine for two weeks. Laboratory tests showed a hemoglobin level of 85\xa0g/L. Urinalysis was positive for 2\u2009+\u2009protein and 360 RBCs/HPF. Blood biochemistry analysis revealed the following concentrations: albumin, 30.3\xa0g/L; globulin, 46.2\xa0g/L; blood urea nitrogen, 19.9 mmol/L; and serum creatinine, 234 µmol/L. The serum C3 level was 0.4950\xa0g/L, and the serum C4 level was 0.1050\xa0g/L. The direct Coombs test was positive. Serologic testing for ANCA revealed the presence of p-ANCA (1:10) by indirect immunofluorescence microscopy assay, as well as the presence of PR3 1.2 (normal range\u2009&lt;\u20091) and MPO 3.5 (normal range\u2009&lt;\u20091) by enzyme immunoassay. Renal biopsy sample pathology showed 2/6 cellular crescents and thickened glomerular basement membranes. Immunofluorescence testing revealed only diffuse, finely granular depositions of C3 along the glomerular capillary walls in frozen and paraffin-embedded tissue sections. Electron microscopy demonstrated the presence of subepithelial electron-dense deposits, similar to those that are observed in membranous nephropathy. Corticosteroid and cyclophosphamide were administered, with a subsequent improvement in renal function. We present the rare case of a patient with MN-like C3GN with ANCA positivity. C3GN with ANCA positivity may be represented by more crescents, severe renal dysfunction and more extrarenal manifestations. More cases are needed to elucidate the clinicopathologic features and optimal treatments of these patients.']}
{'id': 264, 'question': 'A 24-year-old woman is found lying in the street by passers-by. On arrival of the emergency team she was found with an oxygen saturation of 88% breathing room air and on examination with pinpoint pupils. She was transferred to the emergency room of the nearest hospital, where the baseline arterial blood gases showed: pH 7.25, PaC02 60 mmHg, Pa02 58 mmHg, bicarbonate 26 mEq/1 and base excess of -1. In blood sodium was 137 mEq/1 and chloride 100 mEq/1:', 'options': {'1': 'Partial respiratory failure.', '2': 'Metabolic acidosis.', '3': 'Pure respiratory acidosis.', '4': 'Respiratory alkalosis due to lack of chloride.', '5': 'Blood gases can only be venous blood.'}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Metaxalone has only recently been associated with serotonin syndrome. The mechanism of action of this centrally acting muscle relaxant is unknown; however, the observation of serotonin syndrome in patients with metaxalone overdose suggests a role in the serotonergic pathway. (Case 1) A 29-year-old woman with overdose of metaxalone presented to the emergency department with altered mental status, seizure-like activity, hyperthermia, rigidity in the lower extremities, myoclonus, and hyperreflexia. Vital signs on arrival include blood pressure of 168/80 mmHg, heart rate of 208 beats per minute (bpm), respirations of 20/min, a temperature of 41.6° C rectally, and room air oxygen saturation of 97%. She was intubated and sedated with benzodiazepines, and actively cooled. Serum paroxetine concentration was 23 (therapeutic range: 20-200) ng/mL, and serum metaxalone concentration was 31 mcg/mL (peak plasma concentrations average 0.9 mcg/mL at 3.3 h following a single oral dose of 400 mg). (Case 2) A 27-year-old man presented to the emergency department with altered mental status, rigidity in his lower extremities, myoclonus, and hyperreflexia. Vital signs on arrival include blood pressure of 158/131 mmHg, heart rate of 126 bpm, respiratory rate of 20 breaths per minute, and temperature of 37.2°C, with oxygen saturation of 98% on room air. His medication list included metaxalone and escitalopram. He was managed aggressively with IV boluses of diazepam, in total 80 mg, in the emergency department. Serum escitalopram concentration was 24 ng/mL with a therapeutic range of 21-64 ng/mL, and serum metaxalone concentration was 58 mcg/mL. These two cases suggest that at supratherapeutic concentrations metaxalone has serotonergic effects. Severe serotonin toxicity may result from metaxalone abuse in individuals using a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor therapeutically.', 'A 24-year-old woman came to the emergency room of our hospital, 6 hours after a sting to the pulp of her middle finger of her left upper limb by an Indian red scorpion. On examination, she had tachycardia, tachypnoea, hypotension and low oxygen saturation at room temperature. On auscultation, there was poor air entry in all areas of the right lung along with crackles. The left lung field was normal on auscultation. Chest X-ray showed unilateral haziness of right lung field. Two-dimensional echocardiography showed clinical findings of myocarditis. Arterial blood gas showed metabolic acidosis with severe hypoxaemia, suggestive of type 1 respiratory failure. After intubation and initiating ventillatory support, the patient was given intravenous analgesics, antihistaminic and infiltrated of site of bite with 2% xylocaine. The patient was started on inotropes, alpha receptor blocker, intravenous steroids, bronchodilators and diuretics support. The patient clinically improved over the course of treatment and was subsequently discharged.', "A case of symptomatic hyponatremia induced by hyperinsulinemia-euglycemia (HIE) therapy is reported. A 59-year-old, 81.65-kg woman with hypertension, major depressive disorder, and anxiety arrived at a tertiary medical center 1.5 hours after an intentional overdose of oral amlodipine 200 mg, metoprolol tartrate 2,000 mg, and isosorbide mononitrate 1,200 mg. Upon arrival, her pulse was 63 beats/min and blood pressure was 106/56 mm Hg. The patient's blood pressure was refractory to fluids, calcium gluconate, and norepinephrine, resulting in initiation of HIE therapy. She had recurrent episodes of hypoglycemia, which required increases of the dextrose infusion and resulted in the patient receiving a total of 6.9 L of dextrose with free water. Seventeen hours into the hospitalization, the patient became obtunded due to hyponatremia (serum sodium concentration, 121 mmol/L). HIE therapy was discontinued, an infusion of 5% dextrose injection with sodium bicarbonate added was started, and a bolus of 3% sodium chloride was administered. Nine hours after the presentation of hyponatremia, the patient's serum sodium concentration normalized (137 mmol/L), and her symptoms resolved. The patient's blood pressure, pulse, and mental status continued to improve, and the patient was transferred out of the medical intensive care unit 41 hours after her arrival at the hospital. A woman who overdosed on amlodipine, metoprolol tartrate, and isosorbide mononitrate was treated with HIE therapy and developed symptomatic hyponatremia. Hyponatremia resolved after administration of dextrose with sodium bicarbonate infusion and 3% sodium chloride infusion and cessation of HIE therapy.", 'Traumatic vascular injury of the limbs has the potential to cause substantial patient morbidity and mortality, and therefore, early recognition and treatment are crucial to improve outcomes. While patients with hard signs of arterial injury mandate for an immediate surgical intervention, patients presenting with soft signs of arterial injury need further diagnostic evaluation. A 24-year-old male was admitted to the emergency department after suffering a stab wound in the anterolateral aspect of his left upper thigh. Entry wound measures approximately 3\xa0cm\u2009×\u20090.7\xa0cm; no exit wound was observed. On examination of the injured limb, the thigh was swollen and painful. Skin color was mildly pale and skin temperature was slightly diminished in his leg; leg numbness was also pointed out by the patient. Common femoral artery pulse was normal, while distal pulses were diminished. Point-of-care Doppler ultrasound (DUS) showed a subfascial hematoma in the thigh, which filled on color Doppler, corresponding to a pseudoaneurysm. On spectral Doppler, signs of distal low blood supply were noted. The patient was immediately transferred to the operating room where a 1-cm laceration was found in the anterior aspect of the superficial femoral artery. The involved artery was successfully repaired and distal flow was reestablished, as assessed by clinical examination, pulse palpation and DUS. Based on its several advantages, DUS should be considered as the first-line diagnostic tool in the diagnostic workup of patients with soft signs of arterial injury.', 'Influenza A and B acute infections usually affect primarily\xa0the respiratory system. In rare cases, however, the cardiovascular system is also compromised either via the direct effect of the virus or via the worsening of preexisting cardiac conditions. We present a rare case of acute Influenza B infection presenting as pericardial effusion and cardiac tamponade. A healthy 32-year-old female was presented to the emergency room with influenza-like symptoms for four days, where she was monitored for a few hours and was subsequently discharged to home after testing positive for Influenza B by polymerase chain reaction (PCR). On the fifth day, she returned to the emergency room\xa0with worsening symptoms, primarily exertional dyspnea. She was hypotensive and tachycardic and temporarily improved with fluid administration. She was transferred to the intensive care unit, where a bedside point of care ultrasound (POCUS) and later a formal transthoracic echocardiogram revealed that she had pericardial effusion with sonographic signs of cardiac tamponade. Emergent pericardiocentesis was performed and resulted in hemodynamic and symptomatic improvement. The pericardial drain that was initially left in place and continued to drain pericardial fluid (700 ccs in total), was removed 3 days later, after echocardiographic confirmation of the resolution of the pericardial effusion. She completed a five-day course of Oseltamivir and was subsequently discharged home safely. In summary, our case describes an acute Influenza B infection that was complicated by pericardial effusion and cardiac tamponade. It also highlights the importance of bedside POCUS and echocardiography in the early diagnosis and treatment of cardiac tamponade cases, frequently with pericardiocentesis as in our case.']}
{'id': 594, 'question': 'A 2-month-old infant with an upper respiratory tract cold of 3 days of evolution, who begins with moderate respiratory distress and pulmonary auscultation with expiratory wheezing. Oxygen saturation is 89 %. Respiratory syncytial virus is isolated in the nasopharyngeal exudate. Which of the following treatments do you consider more indicated for this condition?', 'options': {'1': 'Oral rivabirin.', '2': 'Nebulized salbutamol.', '3': 'Supplemental oxygen.', '4': 'Intravenous corticosteroids.', '5': None}, 'correct_answer': 3, 'bm25': ['Respiratory syncytial virus is the leading viral cause of death in children less than 2 years of age, and is an increasing cause of morbidity and mortality in transplant patients and the elderly. Respiratory syncytial virus causes upper and lower respiratory tract infections, which can lead to severe bronchiolitis and pneumonia. High-risk groups for severe respiratory syncytial virus infection include infants with a history of premature birth with or without chronic lung disease, children with congenital heart disease, children with cystic fibrosis or chronic lung diseases, and immunosuppressed patients or patients with immunodeficiency. However, the majority of infants who have severe respiratory syncytial virus disease are born at full term and are otherwise healthy. It is unclear why children, the elderly and the immunosuppressed are at much higher risk for severe disease; however, a respiratory syncytial virus-induced immune pathologic mechanism has long been suspected. Attempts to develop a safe and effective vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus have failed. Antirespiratory syncytial virus immunotherapy, although effective prophylactically, does not provide any beneficial clinical outcome when administered therapeutically, indicating that respiratory syncytial virus-induced pathology is most likely the result of the inflammatory response to infection, rather than a direct viral cytopathic effect. Thus, a combined antiviral and anti-inflammatory therapy may represent the safest and most efficient treatment for acute respiratory syncytial virus infection. In this review, the current knowledge that has set the rationale for the development of such therapy is summarized.', 'Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) in previously healthy adults is rare, but the overall mortality rate is 40-60%. Inhaled ribavirin is approved for the treatment of hospitalized infants and young children with severe lower respiratory tract infections due to RSV. We present the case of an adult female with RSV pneumonia-induced ARDS who was successfully treated with inhaled ribavirin and whose pulmonary function was restored to near normal. The role of inhaled ribavirin in adults is controversial, but it might have a therapeutic potential for severe RSV infection-induced ARDS in adults.', 'Nine cases of respiratory infections caused by syncytial respiratory virus which were diagnosed by direct immunofluorescence with monoclonal antibodies are presented here. Six of them have been clinically diagnosed as bronchiolitis and the remaining three are diagnosed as obstructive bronchitis, upper respiratory cold and respiratory distress respectively. Seven are male and two are female. Their ages vary from 13 days to eleven months. Its usefulness is indicated given its speed and the current availability of specific antiviral therapeutics. The test would be especially indicated in atypical cases like nursing babies with apnea or those with congenital heart disease or other underlying lung diseases and also to prevent intrahospital epidemias. The conclusion is reached that direct immunofluorescence seems to be an attractive alternative for laboratories that do not have costly cell culture equipment.', 'Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is an RNA virus that causes respiratory tract infections in children. In the North- ern Hemisphere, the peak infection season is November through April. By two years of age, most children will have had an RSV infection. Bronchiolitis, a lower respiratory tract infection, is often caused by RSV. An RSV infection is diagnosed based on patient history and physical examination. Children typically present with cough, coryza, and wheezing. Laboratory testing and chest radiography are not necessary to make the diagnosis. Serious concur- rent bacterial infections are rare. Treatment of an RSV infection is supportive, with particular attention to maintaining hydration and oxygenation. Children younger than 60 days and those with severe symptoms may require hospitalization. Neither antibiotics nor corticosteroids are helpful for bronchiolitis. A bronchodilator trial is appropriate for children with wheezing, but should not be continued unless there is a prompt favorable response. Frequent hand washing and contact isolation may prevent the spread of RSV infections. Children younger than two years at high risk of severe illness, including those born before 35 weeks of gestation and those with chronic lung or cardiac problems, may be candidates for palivizumab prophylaxis for RSV infection during the peak infection season. Most children recover uneventfully with supportive care.', 'Human bocavirus (HBoV) was first characterized in nasopharyngeal aspirates from young children with acute respiratory infections. It is prevalent among children with acute wheezing. This study was carried out in order to analyze the infection frequency and coinfection rates of HBoV with respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and to perform phylogenetic analysis of HBoV in samples of children with acute respiratory infection in Isfahan, Iran. During the time period 2016-2017, altogether 75 respiratory samples from children hospitalized with acute respiratory infection were collected. The samples were first screened for RSV by direct immunofluorescence method and then subjected to detect HBoV DNA by PCR. Genotyping of HBoV-positive samples was conducted by direct sequencing of PCR products using NP and VP1/VP2 genes. Out of 75 respiratory samples, 20 (26.7%) and 10 (13.3%) were positive for RSV and HBoV, respectively. The coinfection rate was 40% (<ip</i\u2009=\u20090.048). Considering the seasonal distribution, winter has the highest extent outbreak (<ip</i\u2009=\u20090.036). Sequence analysis of positive samples exhibits that all of the isolated HBoV were related to genotype 1 (HBoV-1) with minimal sequence variations. Increasing frequency of HBoV suggests that the virus is related to acute respiratory infection in children. A single genetic lineage of HBoV1 seems to be the major genotype in Iran.']}
{'id': 236, 'question': 'A 67-year-old female patient on ticlopidine treatment comes to the emergency department with headache, asthenia and petechiae in the lower extremities. Laboratory tests showed hemoglobin 8.2 g/dL, MCV 100 fl, platelets 25000/ul and leukocytes 7500/ul with normal formula. The reticulocyte count was elevated and the blood smear showed numerous schistocytes. Coagulation studies (APTT, PT and fibrinogen) are normal. The biochemistry shows LDH 2700 IU/l and bilirubin 2.6 mg/dl. What is the most likely diagnosis?', 'options': {'1': 'Autoimmune thrombocytopenic purpura.', '2': 'Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.', '3': 'Bone marrow aplasia.', '4': 'Drug-induced thrombopenia.', '5': 'Disseminated intravascular coagulation.'}, 'correct_answer': 2, 'bm25': ["A pregnant woman (third trimester) presented with intense abdominal pain, nausea and myalgia. The patient was obese (body mass index 38) and was being treated for high blood pressure, hyperuricemia and hypothyroidism. She had chronic renal deficiency related to focal segmental glomerular sclerosis requiring dialysis. The physical examination at admission revealed a fever of 39°C and an acute abdomen with abdominal guarding in the right upper quadrant without hepatomegaly or splenomegaly. There were no clinical signs of pre-eclampsia. Fetal ultrasound and a Doppler of the umbilical vessels were normal. Laboratory tests showed normal liver and liver function (total protein 95%, alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), total bilirubin normal). The white cell count was 10×10<sup9</sup/l (90% neutrophils), with a normal platelet count. Blood, urine and vaginal cultures were negative. Abdominal ultrasound revealed isolated thickening of the gallbladder wall without cholelithiasis. Empirical antibiotic treatment was begun with intravenous amoxicillin. Six days later, the patient's condition had worsened with increased abdominal pain, persistent fever and liver test abnormalities (AST-ALT 6N). However, bilirubin, hepatic synthesis tests, as well as leucocyte and platelet counts were still normal. A caesarean section followed by coelioscopy was decided. Coelioscopy revealed a liver with numerous necrotic spots (see figure 1).gutjnl;66/11/1911/GUTJNL2016313097F1F1GUTJNL2016313097F1Figure\xa01Diagnostic laparoscopy revealed a liver surface covered with numerous white necrotic spots. What is the diagnosis?", 'The present study describes the effect of high doses of vitamin K3 (8-30 mg/kg) administered daily by intramuscular injection during seven days; on blood smear, red blood cells (RBC) and concentration of hemoglobin (Hb) counts, value of hematocrit (Ht), mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC), reticulocyte and erythroblast counts, total and differential counting of leukocytes (WBC) and total and fractionated serum bilirubin concentration of albino male rats. Results were then compared with findings in normal rats treated with the same doses of sodium bisulfite. In animals treated with vitamin K3 a statistically significant decrease in the number of erythrocytes and in the concentration of Hb, Ht and MCHC was found together with a concomitant increase of erythroblast and reticulocyte counting. In regard to the blood smear, it was observed that erythrocytes vary in their hemoglobin content, size, shape and in their staining properties (polychromatophilia) where as the leukocytes were found to be morphologically normal, but in an increased number. Lymphocytes occasionally showed azurophil granules. Platelets assumed irregular shape and in normal amounts. The leukocytes count showed leukocytosis with marked neutrophilia, eosinophilia, lymphocytosis and monocytosis. Also, the presence of clinical jaundice with an increase of the serum "indirectly-reacting" bilirubin was also observed. These findings indicate that hypervitaminosis K3 induces a marked hemolytic microcytic hypochromic anemia and changes in the white blood cells count. Further studies will be pursued in order to obtain a better understanding of the causes and/or the mechanisms that induce these alterations in the blood cells.', 'A 50-year-old previously well woman developed a sudden onset of ecchymoses and petechiae over the trunk and extremities and gum bleeding. There was no history of alcohol use or drug ingestion. Physical examination was normal except for the ecchymoses, purpuric rash, and gum bleeding. Complete blood count showed Hb 8.0 g/dl, leucocytes 10.9 x 10(9)/L with a normal differential, platelets 8 x 10(9)/L and reticulocytes, 4%. The bone marrow was normocellular and showed absence of megakaryocytes; there was normoblastic erythroid hyperplasia and the myelopoiesis was normal. The direct Coombs test result was positive. There was poor response to treatment with prednisone and bolus doses of vincristine. Therapy with danazol resulted in the complete normalization of the blood counts, and the patient remains well 32 months after diagnosis and is currently taking 100 mg danazol daily.', 'Accurate and prompt diagnoses of thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) in the emergency room (ER) and intensive care unit (ICU) setting can be challenging since its presentation involve multiple organ systems, and comorbid diseases can be deceptive for an accurate diagnosis.\u202f Here, we present the case of a patient, who upon arrival to the ER, reported severe chest pain radiating to his\u202fleft shoulder, diaphoresis, headache, and nausea. Several numbers of small petechiae on the bilateral lower extremities were also found during physical examination. Laboratory data demonstrated elevated troponin levels, platelet count of 34, and hemoglobin of \u202f8.7 g/l. Establishing a differential diagnosis between a microvascular occlusive disorder and acute coronary syndrome was imperative to reduce further clinical complications and mortality. A peripheral smear, which is an essential\u202ftest in approaching the diagnosis of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP), was done and it identified an increased\u202fnumber of schistocytes. The laboratory findings\u202fnarrowed the diagnosis to an\u202fimmunological process, where the dysfunctional platelets caused coronary thrombosis and further intermittent coronary ischemia.\u202fIn this case report, we discuss the atypical presentation of TTP, its differential diagnosis, and management in order to develop an effective treatment in the ER and ICU settings and to reduce the mortality rate.', 'Cocaine-mediated erythrocytosis is one of several effects that cocaine may have on hematologic indices; however, the precise mechanism by which cocaine induces peripheral erythrocytosis is not fully understood. The objective of this study was to examine the contribution of the bone marrow to cocaine-mediated erythrocytosis. Differences in mean hemoglobin concentration, hematocrit, and reticulocyte counts were measured in consecutive cocaine-exposed and cocaine-unexposed patients who presented to the emergency department (ED) with chest pain. Acute cocaine exposure (&lt;3 hours) was confirmed by history and toxicologic analysis of the urine on all patients. Means were compared using independent-samples t-test and covariates were examined using multiple regression. Seventy-nine patients met enrollment criteria. Hemoglobin and hematocrit levels were significantly elevated in the cocaine-using subjects (13.5/39.8) compared with controls (12.6/37.7; p &lt; 0.02). However, no corresponding elevation in reticulocyte count (p = 0.2) was observed. Multivariate logistic regression revealed that male chest pain patients were significantly more likely to be exposed to cocaine (OR 5.15 [95% CI = 1.77 to 15.3]) than females (p = 0.001), and all relative increases in hemoglobin concentration in the cocaine-exposed group were attributable to gender. Cocaine exposure was not significantly associated with reticulocyte count. Multivariate linear regression revealed that of demographic, medical, and substance use covariates, only a history of diabetes mellitus was significantly associated with an elevated reticulocyte count (p = 0.009). Acute cocaine exposure is not associated with erythrocytosis in younger ED patients with chest pain. The lack of an elevated reticulocyte count suggests that bone marrow does not contribute to any transient erythrocytosis that may occur.']}